Citrin Deficiency
Carnitine Palmitoyltransferase II Deficiency
Medium-Chain Acyl-Coenzyme A Dehydrogenase Deficiency
Phenylalanine Hydroxylase Deficiency
Carnitine Palmitoyltransferase 1A Deficiency
Phosphoribosylpyrophosphate Synthetase Superactivity
Pyruvate Carboxylase Deficiency
Antilip®: treatment of subjects with high total cholesterol tolerability and efficacy in a short-term registry study.
Dietary hyperglycemia, glycemic index and metabolic retinal diseases.
Medium-chain fatty acid nanoliposomes for easy energy supply.
Resveratrol reduces lipid peroxidation and increases sirtuin 1 expression in adult animals programmed by neonatal protein restriction.
Evaluation of a mid-infrared analyzer for the determination of the macronutrient composition of human milk.
[Genetic improvement of technological characteristics of starters for fermented milk products].
Evaluation of biological and biochemical quality of whey protein.
Green tea attenuates cardiovascular remodelling and metabolic symptoms in high carbohydrate-fed rats.
High dietary fat and cholesterol exacerbates chronic vitamin C deficiency in guinea pigs.
Association between red meat consumption and metabolic syndrome in a Mediterranean population at high cardiovascular risk: cross-sectional and 1-year follow-up assessment.
Dietary and activity correlates of sugar-sweetened beverage consumption among adolescents.
Intranasal insulin enhances postprandial thermogenesis and lowers postprandial serum insulin levels in healthy men.
Iron overload and diabetes risk: a shift from glucose to Fatty Acid oxidation and increased hepatic glucose production in a mouse model of hereditary hemochromatosis.
Disruption of hepatic leptin signaling protects mice from age- and diet-related glucose intolerance.
Dietary management in diabetes.
The novel sodium glucose transporter 2 inhibitor dapagliflozin sustains pancreatic function and preserves islet morphology in obese, diabetic rats.
High sugar consumption and poor nutrient intake among drug addicts in Oslo, Norway.
In vivo D2O labeling to quantify static and dynamic changes in cholesterol and cholesterol esters by high resolution LC/MS.
The renal stanniocalcin-1 gene is differentially regulated by hypertonicity and hypovolemia in the rat.
High-salt diet advances molecular circadian rhythms in mouse peripheral tissues.
Atherosclerosis induced by a high-fat diet is alleviated by lithium chloride via reduction of VCAM expression in ApoE-deficient mice.
[Risk-stratified screening for diabetes in adolescents: results of the first investigation in Hungary].
Limited and excess dietary protein during gestation affects growth and compositional traits in gilts and impairs offspring fetal growth.
Four weeks administration of Liraglutide improves memory and learning as well as glycaemic control in mice with high fat dietary-induced obesity and insulin resistance.
Dietary intakes of Pacific, Māori, Asian and European adolescents: the Auckland High School Heart Survey.
The prevalence of undiagnosed diabetes in non-cardiac surgery patients, an observational study.
Genistein improves liver function and attenuates non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in a rat model of insulin resistance.
Dietary fiber improves lipid homeostasis and modulates adipocytokines in hamsters.
Randomized clinical trial of standard dietary treatment versus a low-carbohydrate/high-protein diet or the LighterLife Programme in the management of obesity*.
Dietary insulin load, dietary insulin index, and colorectal cancer.
Evidence of a role for insulin-like growth factor binding protein (IGFBP)-3 in metabolic regulation.
Dietary glycemic load is a predictor of age-related hearing loss in older adults.
Dietary protein regulates hepatic constitutive protein anabolism in rats in a dose-dependent manner and independently of energy nutrient composition.
Effect of the estrous cycle and surgical ovariectomy on energy balance, fuel utilization, and physical activity in lean and obese female rats.
Chronic stress, energy balance and adiposity in female rats.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress increases the expression and function of toll-like receptor-2 in epithelial cells.
Pinnacle Point Cave 13B (Western Cape Province, South Africa) in context: The Cape Floral kingdom, shellfish, and modern human origins.
Insulin resistance induced by a high-fat diet is associated with the induction of genes related to leukocyte activation in rat peripheral leukocytes.
Early weaning programs rats to have a dietary preference for fat and palatable foods in adulthood.
Impact of high cholesterol intake on tissue cholesterol content and lipid transfers to high-density lipoprotein.
Metabolic syndrome affects breast cancer risk in postmenopausal women: National Cancer Institute of Naples experience.
The effect of protein and glycemic index on children's body composition: the DiOGenes randomized study.
Effects of lupin-enriched foods on body composition and cardiovascular disease risk factors: a 12-month randomized controlled weight loss trial.
Effects of dietary fat modification on insulin sensitivity and on other risk factors of the metabolic syndrome--LIPGENE: a European randomized dietary intervention study.
Pancreatic acinar cell-specific overexpression of group 1B phospholipase A2 exacerbates diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance in mice.
Effect of dietary saturated fatty acids on HNF-4α DNA binding activity and ApoCIII mRNA in sedentary rat liver.
Combined effects of short-term calorie restriction and exercise on insulin action in normal rats.
[Effect of metformin on the formation of hepatic fibrosis in type 2 diabetic rats].
Methods for synthesis and uses of inhibitors of ghrelin O-acyltransferase inhibitors as potential therapeutic agents for obesity and diabetes.
Changes in cortical bone response to high-fat diet from adolescence to adulthood in mice.
Induction of ketosis in rats fed low-carbohydrate, high-fat diets depends on the relative abundance of dietary fat and protein.
Changes in serum calcium, phosphorus, and magnesium levels in captive ruminants affected by diet manipulation.
The effect of sugar-sweetened beverage intake on energy intake in an ad libitum 6-month low-fat high-carbohydrate diet.
Sugar content of popular sweetened beverages based on objective laboratory analysis: focus on fructose content.
Respective contributions of maternal insulin resistance and diet to metabolic and hypothalamic phenotypes of progeny.
Chinese herbal extracts (SK0506) as a potential candidate for the therapy of the metabolic syndrome.
Regulation of heparanase expression in coronary artery disease in diabetic, hyperlipidemic swine.
Resistance of male Sprague-Dawley rats to sucrose-induced obesity: effects of 18-methoxycoronaridine.
C1q/TNF-related protein-3 (CTRP3), a novel adipokine that regulates hepatic glucose output.
17β-Estradiol attenuates diet-induced insulin resistance and glucose intolerance through up-regulation of caveolin-3.
Anti-inflammatory and monocyte-suppressing effects of simvastatin in patients with impaired fasting glucose.
Postprandial metabolic events and fruit-derived phenolics: a review of the science.
Inborn errors of carbohydrate metabolism.
Thirty thousand-year-old evidence of plant food processing.
The triterpenoid 2-cyano-3,12-dioxooleana-1,9-dien-28-oic-acid methyl ester has potent anti-diabetic effects in diet-induced diabetic mice and Lepr(db/db) mice.
Mirnome analysis reveals novel molecular determinants in the pathogenesis of diet-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Activation of p53 enhances apoptosis and insulin resistance in a rat model of alcoholic liver disease.
Intermittent nutritional stimulus by short-term treatment of high-energy diet promotes ovarian performance together with increases in blood levels of glucose and insulin in cycling goats.
Proinflammatory gene expression and renal lipogenesis are modulated by dietary protein content in obese Zucker fa/fa rats.
Leucine supplementation of a low-protein meal increases skeletal muscle and visceral tissue protein synthesis in neonatal pigs by stimulating mTOR-dependent translation initiation.
Dietary glycemic load and risk of colorectal cancer in Chinese women.
Increased hepatic fat in overweight Hispanic youth influenced by interaction between genetic variation in PNPLA3 and high dietary carbohydrate and sugar consumption.
Chronic high-fat diet in fathers programs β-cell dysfunction in female rat offspring.
Effects of a highly palatable diet on lipid and glucose parameters, nitric oxide, and ectonucleotidases activity.
Effects of a healthy Nordic diet on cardiovascular risk factors in hypercholesterolaemic subjects: a randomized controlled trial (NORDIET).
Early alterations in vascular contractility associated to changes in fatty acid composition and oxidative stress markers in perivascular adipose tissue.
Feeding rolled barley grain steeped in lactic acid modulated energy status and innate immunity in dairy cows.
Genetic variability of the fatty acid synthase pathway is not associated with prostate cancer risk in the European Prospective Investigation on Cancer (EPIC).
You deserve what you eat: lessons learned from the study of the melanin-concentrating hormone (MCH)-deficient mice.
High-carbohydrate high-fat diet–induced metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular remodeling in rats.
The nature of the ingested protein has no effect on lean body mass during energy restriction in overweight rats.
Toll-like receptor 2 deficiency improves insulin sensitivity and hepatic insulin signalling in the mouse.
High-cocoa polyphenol-rich chocolate improves HDL cholesterol in Type 2 diabetes patients.
Antihyperglycemic activity of Selaginella tamariscina (Beauv.) Spring.
Nutrition in critically ill obese patients.
The function of porcine PPARγ and dietary fish oil effect on the expression of lipid and glucose metabolism related genes.
A high-fructose diet worsens eccentric left ventricular hypertrophy in experimental volume overload.
Endogenous ouabain: a link between sodium intake and hypertension.
Effect of t'ai chi exercise on biochemical profiles and oxidative stress indicators in obese patients with type 2 diabetes.
The autophagy-lysosomal pathway is involved in TAG degradation in the liver: the effect of high-sucrose and high-fat diet.
High fat feeding promotes simultaneous decline in insulin sensitivity and cognitive performance in a delayed matching and non-matching to position task.
The alternative pathway is critical for pathogenic complement activation in endotoxin- and diet-induced atherosclerosis in low-density lipoprotein receptor-deficient mice.
Aerobic exercise's reversal of insulin resistance by activating AMPKα-ACC-CPT1 signaling in the skeletal muscle of C57BL/6 mice.
Lack of effect of a high-calorie dextrose or maltodextrin meal on postprandial oxidative stress in healthy young men.
Timing of protein ingestion relative to resistance exercise training does not influence body composition, energy expenditure, glycaemic control or cardiometabolic risk factors in a hypocaloric, high protein diet in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Delayed onset of hyperglycaemia in a mouse model with impaired glucagon secretion demonstrates that dysregulated glucagon secretion promotes hyperglycaemia and type 2 diabetes.
The relation of low glycaemic index fruit consumption to glycaemic control and risk factors for coronary heart disease in type 2 diabetes.
Glut4 is upregulated despite decreased insulin signaling during prolonged fasting in northern elephant seal pups.
Sodium/glucose cotransporter-1, sweet receptor, and disaccharidase expression in the intestine of the domestic dog and cat: two species of different dietary habit.
Intracerebroventricular leptin administration differentially alters cardiac energy metabolism in mice fed a low-fat and high-fat diet.
Diabetes mellitus abrogates erythropoietin-induced cardioprotection against ischemic-reperfusion injury by alteration of the RISK/GSK-3β signaling.
High-dose vitamin C supplement use is associated with self-reported histories of breast cancer and other illnesses in the UK Women's Cohort Study.
Bypassing the duodenum does not improve insulin resistance associated with diet-induced obesity in rodents.
Effects of rosiglitazone/metformin fixed-dose combination therapy and metformin monotherapy on serum vaspin, adiponectin and IL-6 levels in drug-naïve patients with type 2 diabetes.
Eight week exposure to a high sugar high fat diet results in adiposity gain and alterations in metabolic biomarkers in baboons (Papio hamadryas sp.).
Nutrition and acne.
Regulation of the promoter region of the human adiponutrin/PNPLA3 gene by glucose and insulin.
Fraxinus excelsior seed extract FraxiPure™ limits weight gains and hyperglycemia in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Npc1 haploinsufficiency promotes weight gain and metabolic features associated with insulin resistance.
Influence of a high-protein diet on energy balance in obese cats allowed ad libitum access to food.
Hyperinsulinemia associated with overweight medicated bipolar patients during full remission.
Nutritional up-regulation of serotonin paradoxically induces compulsive behavior.
Increased adipose tissue lipolysis after a 2-week high-fat diet in sedentary overweight/obese men.
Body fat regulation: is it a result of a simple energy balance or a high fat intake?
Fructo-oligosaccharides and calcium absorption and retention in adolescent girls.
Effects of Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 on body weight and adipose tissue mass in diet-induced overweight rats.
Energy and nutrient intakes and adherence to dietary guidelines among Finnish adults with type 1 diabetes.
Increased postprandial GIP and glucagon responses, but unaltered GLP-1 response after intervention with steroid hormone, relative physical inactivity, and high-calorie diet in healthy subjects.
Detection of masked hypertension and the 'mask effect' in patients with well-controlled office blood pressure.
Prolonged GIP receptor activation improves cognitive function, hippocampal synaptic plasticity and glucose homeostasis in high-fat fed mice.
White rice-based food consumption and ischemic stroke risk: a case-control study in southern China.
Effects of long-term ethanol administration in a rat total enteral nutrition model of alcoholic liver disease.
Obesity, weight loss and conditional cardiovascular risk factors.
Effects of a high dose, aglycone-rich soy extract on prostate-specific antigen and serum isoflavone concentrations in men with localized prostate cancer.
Effect of fitness on glucose, insulin and cortisol responses to diets varying in starch and fat content in Thoroughbred horses with recurrent exertional rhabdomyolysis.
Effects of crude protein intake from forage-only diets on muscle amino acids and glycogen levels in horses in training.
Effects of leucine or whey protein addition to an oral glucose solution on serum insulin, plasma glucose and plasma amino acid responses in horses at rest and following exercise.
Dietary energy source and physical conditioning affect insulin sensitivity and skeletal muscle glucose metabolism in horses.
Determinants of blood glucose and insulin in healthy 9-month-old term Danish infants; the SKOT cohort.
Translation and implementation of added sugars consumption recommendations: a conference report from the American Heart Association Added Sugars Conference 2010.
Health-Related Quality of Life, Subjective Health Complaints, Psychological Distress and Coping in Pakistani Immigrant Women With and Without the Metabolic Syndrome : The InnvaDiab-DEPLAN Study on Pakistani Immigrant Women Living in Oslo, Norway.
Improvement on lipid metabolic disorder by 3'-deoxyadenosine in high-fat-diet-induced fatty mice.
Dose-dependent effect of galangin on fructose-mediated insulin resistance and oxidative events in rat kidney.
[Effects of Qiyao Xiaoke capsule on glycolipid metabolism in liver and skeletal muscle of rats with catch-up growth induced by high-fat diet].
Glucose homeostasis in rainbow trout fed a high-carbohydrate diet: metformin and insulin interact in a tissue-dependent manner.
Prebiotic evaluation of cocoa-derived flavanols in healthy humans by using a randomized, controlled, double-blind, crossover intervention study.
Dietary glycemic index, glycemic load, insulin index, fiber and whole-grain intake in relation to risk of prostate cancer.
Dietary effects on body composition, glucose metabolism, and longevity are modulated by skeletal muscle mitochondrial uncoupling in mice.
Influence of two breakfast meals differing in glycemic load on satiety, hunger, and energy intake in preschool children.
Relationship between perceived stress and dietary and activity patterns in older adults participating in the Boston Puerto Rican Health Study.
The ketogenic diet changes metabolite levels in hippocampal extracellular fluid.
Suppression of NADPH oxidase 2 substantially restores glucose-induced dysfunction of pancreatic NIT-1 cells.
Is the effect of prior exercise on postprandial lipaemia the same for a moderate-fat meal as it is for a high-fat meal?
The effect of high-fat diet-induced obesity on cardiovascular toxicity in Wistar albino rats.
Growth signaling promotes chronological aging in budding yeast by inducing superoxide anions that inhibit quiescence.
Overexpression of Fto leads to increased food intake and results in obesity.
Comparison between orlistat plus l-carnitine and orlistat alone on inflammation parameters in obese diabetic patients.
Beta cell function after weight loss: a clinical trial comparing gastric bypass surgery and intensive lifestyle intervention.
Multiple pathways regulating the calorie restriction response in yeast.
Dipeptidyl peptidase IV inhibitor sitagliptin reduces local inflammation in adipose tissue and in pancreatic islets of obese mice.
Safety of anacetrapib in patients with or at high risk for coronary heart disease.
Restoration of skeletal muscle leptin response does not precede the exercise-induced recovery of insulin-stimulated glucose uptake in high-fat-fed rats.
Interactions between the consumption of a high-fat diet and fasting in the regulation of fatty acid oxidation enzyme gene expression: an evaluation of potential mechanisms.
Associations of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D, parathyroid hormone and calcium with cardiovascular risk factors: analysis of 3 NHANES cycles (2001-2006).
Effects of untreated and thermally treated lupin protein on plasma and liver lipids of rats fed a hypercholesterolemic high fat or high carbohydrate diet.
Energy and macronutrient intake in adolescent sprint athletes: a follow-up study.
The therapeutic role of very low-density lipoprotein receptor gene in hyperlipidemia in type 2 diabetic rats.
Contribution of diet and major depression to incidence of acute myocardial infarction (AMI).
Both inflammatory and classical lipolytic pathways are involved in lipopolysaccharide-induced lipolysis in human adipocytes.
Diet-induced impaired glucose tolerance and gestational diabetes in the dog.
Nutrition transition and cardiovascular disease risk factors in Middle East and North Africa countries: reviewing the evidence.
[The use of drinking mineral waters and the fiber-enriched diet for the treatment of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Effects of starch and fibre in pelleted diets on nutritional status of mule deer (Odocoileus hemionus) fawns.
Dietary fatty acids and inflammation in the vertebral column of Atlantic salmon, Salmo salar L., smolts: a possible link to spinal deformities.
Effect of telephone follow-up on adherence to a diabetes therapeutic regimen.
Factors associated with plasma ghrelin level in Japanese general population.
Changes in weight loss, body composition and cardiovascular disease risk after altering macronutrient distributions during a regular exercise program in obese women.
Food consumption patterns of young preschoolers: are they starting off on the right path?
Plasma lipid fatty acid composition, desaturase activities and insulin sensitivity in Amerindian women.
Eating rate of commonly consumed foods promotes food and energy intake.
Treatment of high fat diet induced type 2 diabetes in C57BL/6J mice by two medicinal plants used in traditional treatment of diabetes in the east of Algeria.
Milk performance and glucose metabolism in dairy cows fed rumen-protected fat during mid lactation.
K-cells and glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide in health and disease.
Memory restorative role of statins in experimental dementia: an evidence of their cholesterol dependent and independent actions.
Effect of quinoa seeds (Chenopodium quinoa) in diet on some biochemical parameters and essential elements in blood of high fructose-fed rats.
Changes in body weight are significantly associated with changes in fasting plasma glucose and HDL cholesterol in Japanese men without abdominal obesity (waist circumference &lt; 85 cm).
Hemodialysis duration impairs food intake and nutritional parameters in chronic kidney disease patients.
Diets with high or low protein content and glycemic index for weight-loss maintenance.
Antibiosis against the green peach aphid requires the Arabidopsis thaliana MYZUS PERSICAE-INDUCED LIPASE1 gene.
Adipose triglyceride lipase-null mice are resistant to high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance despite reduced energy expenditure and ectopic lipid accumulation.
The fat:carbohydrate energy ratio of the weaning diet programs later susceptibility to obesity in male sprague dawley rats.
The effect of simvastatin on lymphocyte secretory function in patients with impaired fasting glucose.
Comparative study of plasma leptin concentration between solid ruminal and liquid abomasal feeding in weaned adult sheep.
The role of class I histone deacetylase (HDAC) on gluconeogenesis in liver.
Association between dietary fat content and outcomes in pediatric burn patients.
Changes in metabolic enzymes, cortisol and glucose concentrations of Beluga (Huso huso) exposed to dietary methylmercury.
Glycemic index, glycemic load, and prevalence of the metabolic syndrome in the cooper center longitudinal study.
Continuous glucose monitoring reveals different glycemic responses of moderate- vs high-carbohydrate lunch meals in people with type 2 diabetes.
Patient age: a neglected factor when considering disease management in adults with type 2 diabetes.
Effects of insulin infusion on glucose homeostasis and glucose metabolism in rainbow trout fed a high-carbohydrate diet.
Relationships between thyroid function and lipid status or insulin resistance in a pediatric population.
Hypocholesterolemic effect of karaya saponin in Japanese laying quails (Coturnix coturnix japonica).
Low-, medium- and high-glycaemic index carbohydrates and risk of type 2 diabetes in men.
Inulin-type fructans with prebiotic properties counteract GPR43 overexpression and PPARγ-related adipogenesis in the white adipose tissue of high-fat diet-fed mice.
The effect of fructose on renal biology and disease.
Utilizing the second-meal effect in type 2 diabetes: practical use of a soya-yogurt snack.
Identification of 9-cis-retinoic acid as a pancreas-specific autacoid that attenuates glucose-stimulated insulin secretion.
Effect of low- and high-glycemic-index meals on metabolism and performance during high-intensity, intermittent exercise.
Is using WHO criteria for impaired fasting glycaemia appropriate as an indication for OGTT in patients at high risk of developing diabetes?
Transportability of the updated diabetes prediction model from Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study to a Middle Eastern adult population: community-based cohort study.
The effects of chromium complex and level on glucose metabolism and memory acquisition in rats fed high-fat diet.
Low glycemic diet for weight loss in hypertriglyceridemic patients attending a lipid clinic.
Ginsenoside-Rd, a purified component from panax notoginseng saponins, prevents atherosclerosis in apoE knockout mice.
Mediterranean diet reduces endothelial damage and improves the regenerative capacity of endothelium.
A high-protein neonatal formula induces a temporary reduction of adiposity and changes later adipocyte physiology.
Ablation of Sax2 gene expression prevents diet-induced obesity.
High fructose diets increase 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 in liver and visceral adipose in rats within 24-h exposure.
Evaluation of the marine alga Ulva rigida as a food supplement: effect of intake on intestinal, hepatic, and renal enzyme activities in rats.
Maternal consumption of high-prebiotic fibre or -protein diets during pregnancy and lactation differentially influences satiety hormones and expression of genes involved in glucose and lipid metabolism in offspring in rats.
Cytostatic inhibition of cancer cell growth by lignan secoisolariciresinol diglucoside.
Red raspberries have antioxidant effects that play a minor role in the killing of stomach and colon cancer cells.
Glucosamine attenuates increases of intraabdominal fat, serum leptin levels, and insulin resistance induced by a high-fat diet in rats.
Dietary ketosis enhances memory in mild cognitive impairment.
Training in the fasted state facilitates re-activation of eEF2 activity during recovery from endurance exercise.
Egg consumption as part of an energy-restricted high-protein diet improves blood lipid and blood glucose profiles in individuals with type 2 diabetes.
Chromium (D-phenylalanine)3 alleviates high fat-induced insulin resistance and lipid abnormalities.
Improvement of obesity phenotype by Chinese sweet leaf tea (Rubus suavissimus) components in high-fat diet-induced obese rats.
Dose-response study of sajabalssuk ethanol extract from Artemisia princeps Pampanini on blood glucose in subjects with impaired fasting glucose or mild type 2 diabetes.
The effects of tomato consumption on serum glucose, apolipoprotein B, apolipoprotein A-I, homocysteine and blood pressure in type 2 diabetic patients.
Weekend ethanol consumption and high-sucrose diet: resveratrol effects on energy expenditure, substrate oxidation, lipid profile, oxidative stress and hepatic energy metabolism.
Cardiomyocyte lipids impair β-adrenergic receptor function via PKC activation.
Paleolithic nutrition: twenty-five years later.
The macrobiotic diet in chronic disease.
Convenience foods in children's diet and association with dietary quality and body weight status.
[The association of intestinal microbiota with obesity].
Dietary fructose, salt absorption and hypertension in metabolic syndrome: towards a new paradigm.
Revealing the molecular relationship between type 2 diabetes and the metabolic changes induced by a very-low-carbohydrate low-fat ketogenic diet.
Inositol pyrophosphates inhibit Akt signaling, thereby regulating insulin sensitivity and weight gain.
Food selection and preparation practices in a group of young low-income women in Montreal.
Beneficial effects of Undaria pinnatifida ethanol extract on diet-induced-insulin resistance in C57BL/6J mice.
Trehalose prevents adipocyte hypertrophy and mitigates insulin resistance.
Metabolic and genomic response to dietary isocaloric protein restriction in the rat.
Effects of serving high-sugar cereals on children's breakfast-eating behavior.
Impact of targeted beverage taxes on higher- and lower-income households.
Ameliorative effects of mulberry (Morus alba L.) leaves on hyperlipidemia in rats fed a high-fat diet: induction of fatty acid oxidation, inhibition of lipogenesis, and suppression of oxidative stress.
Reversal of obesity and insulin resistance by a non-peptidic glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist in diet-induced obese mice.
Pharmacological and nutritional treatment for McArdle disease (Glycogen Storage Disease type V).
Effect of telmisartan on the expression of cardiac adiponectin and its receptor 1 in type 2 diabetic rats.
Housefly maggots (Musca domestica) protein-enriched fraction/extracts (PE) inhibit lipopolysaccharide-induced atherosclerosis pro-inflammatory responses.
Daidzein supplementation prevents non-alcoholic fatty liver disease through alternation of hepatic gene expression profiles and adipocyte metabolism.
Discrepancies in the occurrence of Balantidium coli between wild and captive African great apes.
Gestational diabetes: an evaluation of serum fructosamine as a screening test in a high-risk population.
Serum visfatin concentrations are related to dietary intake in obese patients.
Protective effects of statin on cardiac fibrosis and apoptosis in adrenomedullin-knockout mice treated with angiotensin II and high salt loading.
Effect of dietary karaya saponin on serum and egg yolk cholesterol in laying hens.
Association between serum uric acid and different states of glucose metabolism and glomerular filtration rate.
Direct regulation of glucose and not insulin on hepatic hexose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase and 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1.
Heterogeneous myocardial FDG uptake and the disease activity in cardiac sarcoidosis.
Inhibition of EGFR-STAT3 signaling with erlotinib prevents carcinogenesis in a chemically-induced mouse model of oral squamous cell carcinoma.
Retinol-binding protein 4 in young men with low versus normal birth weight: physiological response to short-term overfeeding.
Differential contribution of dietary fat and monosaccharide to metabolic syndrome in the common marmoset (Callithrix jacchus).
Treatment with marine collagen peptides modulates glucose and lipid metabolism in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A low-protein, high-carbohydrate diet increases the adipose lipid content without increasing the glycerol-3-phosphate or fatty acid content in growing rats.
Ketonuria after fasting may be related to the metabolic superiority.
Short-term isocaloric manipulation of carbohydrate intake: effect on subsequent ad libitum energy intake.
Dietary calcium phosphate content and oat β-glucan influence gastrointestinal microbiota, butyrate-producing bacteria and butyrate fermentation in weaned pigs.
Different roles of zinc plus arachidonic acid on insulin sensitivity between high fructose- and high fat-fed rats.
The effect of L-ascorbic acid and/or tocopherol supplementation on electrophysiological parameters of the colon of rats chronically exposed to lead.
Breakfast staple types affect brain gray matter volume and cognitive function in healthy children.
Body weight and energy homeostasis was not affected in C57BL/6 mice fed high whey protein or leucine-supplemented low-fat diets.
Effects of non-digestible carbohydrates on the growth of estrogen-dependent human breast cancer (MCF-7) tumors implanted in ovariectomized athymic mice.
Gluconeogenesis in dairy cows: the secret of making sweet milk from sour dough.
Central melanocortins modulate mesocorticolimbic activity and food seeking behavior in the rat.
Protective effects of selenium on methimazole-induced anemia and oxidative stress in adult rats and their offspring.
Both liver-X receptor (LXR) isoforms control energy expenditure by regulating brown adipose tissue activity.
Postnatal deficiency of essential fatty acids in mice results in resistance to diet-induced obesity and low plasma insulin during adulthood.
A comparative transcriptomic study of vitamin E and an algae-based antioxidant as antioxidative agents: investigation of replacing vitamin E with the algae-based antioxidant in broiler diets.
Dietary, but not supplemental, intakes of carotenoids and vitamin C are associated with decreased odds of lower urinary tract symptoms in men.
Maternal selenium supplementation and timing of nutrient restriction in pregnant sheep: Impacts on nutrient availability to the fetus.
Fatty acid regulation of hepatic lipid metabolism.
In search of quality evidence for lifestyle management and glycemic control in children and adolescents with type 2 diabetes: A systematic review.
Antidiabetic effect of Symplocos cochinchinensis (Lour.) S. Moore. in type 2 diabetic rats.
Effect of wheat middlings-based total mixed ration on milk production and composition responses of lactating dairy ewes.
Diabetes is a progression factor for hepatic fibrosis in a high fat fed mouse obesity model of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
VDR deficiency affects alveolar bone and cementum apposition in mice.
Characteristics of diet patterns in metabolically obese, normal weight adults (Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey III, 2005).
Inhibition of soluble epoxide hydrolase reduces food intake and increases metabolic rate in obese mice.
Maternal malnutrition programs pancreatic islet mitochondrial dysfunction in the adult offspring.
A high-fat diet elicits differential responses in genes coordinating oxidative metabolism in skeletal muscle of lean and obese individuals.
Association of the LCT-13910C&gt;T polymorphism with obesity and its modulation by dairy products in a Mediterranean population.
Both maximal expression of selenoproteins and selenoprotein deficiency can promote development of type 2 diabetes-like phenotype in mice.
L-arginine, NO and asymmetrical dimethylarginine in hypertension and type 2 diabetes.
Role of cereal type and processing in whole grain in vivo protection from oxidative stress.
Influences of increased levels of biotin, zinc or mannan-oligosaccharides in the diet on foot pad dermatitis in growing turkeys housed on dry and wet litter.
Fermentation of starch stimulates propagated contractions in the human colon.
Cardiovascular effects of melanocortins.
A hospital-based therapeutic lifestyle program for women with metabolic syndrome.
A randomized trial of dietary intervention for breast cancer prevention.
Effects of chronic administration of alogliptin on the development of diabetes and β-cell function in high fat diet/streptozotocin diabetic mice.
The effect of aspirin on atherogenic diet-induced diabetes mellitus.
Dietary oxidised frying oil causes oxidative damage of pancreatic islets and impairment of insulin secretion, effects associated with vitamin E deficiency.
DGAT1 deficiency decreases PPAR expression and does not lead to lipotoxicity in cardiac and skeletal muscle.
Effects of konjac glucomannan on putative risk factors for colon carcinogenesis in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Metabolic responses to high glycemic index and low glycemic index meals: a controlled crossover clinical trial.
Dietary carbohydrate-to-protein ratio affects TOR signaling and metabolism-related gene expression in the liver and muscle of rainbow trout after a single meal.
The importance of context to the genetic architecture of diabetes-related traits is revealed in a genome-wide scan of a LG/J × SM/J murine model.
HbA(1c) measurement for the diagnosis of diabetes: is it enough?
Moderate weight loss improves heart rate variability in overweight and obese adults with type 2 diabetes.
Hypolipidemic effects of chitosan nanoparticles in hyperlipidemia rats induced by high fat diet.
A traditional Korean dietary pattern and metabolic syndrome abnormalities.
Glucose-lowering activity of novel tetrasaccharide glyceroglycolipids from the fruits of Cucurbita moschata.
Relationships among diabetic retinopathy, antioxidants, and glycemic control.
Effects of meals with different glycaemic index on postprandial blood glucose response in patients with Type 1 diabetes treated with continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion.
Individual differences in satiety response to carbohydrate and fat. Predictions from the Three Factor Eating Questionnaire (TFEQ).
Nesfatin-1 exerts a direct, glucose-dependent insulinotropic action on mouse islet β- and MIN6 cells.
Dietary energy density and the metabolic syndrome among Iranian women.
Experimental induction of steatosis in different tissues after the ingestion of a carbohydrate-rich diet: effect on the liver, on the heart and on indicators of oxidation.
Omega-3 index, obesity and insulin resistance in children.
Protein choices targeting thermogenesis and metabolism.
Effect of the classic 1-week glycogen-loading regimen on fat-loading in rats and humans.
Cherries and health: a review.
Altered estrogen receptor expression in skeletal muscle and adipose tissue of female rats fed a high-fat diet.
Extract of lotus leaf ( Nelumbo nucifera ) and its active constituent catechin with insulin secretagogue activity.
Protective effect of Garcinia against renal oxidative stress and biomarkers induced by high fat and sucrose diet.
Mechanism of attenuation of diabetes mellitus and hypercholesterolemia induced vascular endothelial dysfunction by protein tyrosine phosphatase inhibition.
Anti-inflammatory effects of yerba maté extract (Ilex paraguariensis) ameliorate insulin resistance in mice with high fat diet-induced obesity.
Adipocyte-macrophage interaction may mediate LPS-induced low-grade inflammation: potential link with metabolic complications.
Effect of different obesogenic diets on pancreatic histology in Ossabaw miniature swine.
Insulin stimulates lipogenesis and attenuates Beta-oxidation in white adipose tissue of fed rainbow trout.
The impact of a workplace catering initiative on dietary intakes of salt and other nutrients: a pilot study.
Consumption of a high-fat diet induces central insulin resistance independent of adiposity.
Stress augments food 'wanting' and energy intake in visceral overweight subjects in the absence of hunger.
Vitamin E may affect the life expectancy of men, depending on dietary vitamin C intake and smoking.
Attenuation of meal-induced inflammatory and thrombotic responses in overweight men and women after 6-week daily strawberry (Fragaria) intake. A randomized placebo-controlled trial.
Recombinant human erythropoietin suppresses endothelial cell apoptosis and reduces the ratio of Bax to Bcl-2 proteins in the aortas of apolipoprotein E-deficient mice.
The association between estimated average glucose levels and fasting plasma glucose levels.
Feeding rats dietary resistant starch reduces both the binding of ChREBP and the acetylation of histones on the Thrsp gene in the jejunum.
High-fat diet and glucocorticoid treatment cause hyperglycemia associated with adiponectin receptor alterations.
The effect of high-protein, low-carbohydrate diets in the treatment of type 2 diabetes: a 12 month randomised controlled trial.
Is prenatal myo-inositol deficiency a mechanism of CNS injury in galactosemia?
Effects of cereal breakfasts on postprandial glucose, appetite regulation and voluntary energy intake at a subsequent standardized lunch; focusing on rye products.
Starch with high amylose and low in vitro digestibility increases short-chain fatty acid absorption, reduces peak insulin secretion, and modulates incretin secretion in pigs.
Nutritional value of soybean meal produced from conventional, high-protein, or low-oligosaccharide varieties of soybeans and fed to broiler chicks.
Sugar-sweetened and diet beverage consumption is associated with cardiovascular risk factor profile in youth with type 1 diabetes.
Cholesterol metabolism is modulated by quercetin in rats.
Young women partition fatty acids towards ketone body production rather than VLDL-TAG synthesis, compared with young men.
Troxerutin protects against high cholesterol-induced cognitive deficits in mice.
Three weeks on a high-fat diet increases intrahepatic lipid accumulation and decreases metabolic flexibility in healthy overweight men.
Hyperlipidemia-associated pancreatitis in pregnancy managed with fenofibrate.
Rodent models for metabolic syndrome research.
JTT-130, a novel intestine-specific inhibitor of microsomal triglyceride transfer protein, suppresses high fat diet-induced obesity and glucose intolerance in Sprague-Dawley rats.
Dietary resistant and butyrylated starches have different effects on the faecal bacterial flora of azoxymethane-treated rats.
Redox proteomics of fat globules unveils broad protein lactosylation and compositional changes in milk samples subjected to various technological procedures.
Effect of fibrolytic enzyme application to low- and high-concentrate diets on the performance of lactating dairy cattle.
Replacing corn with glycerol in diets for transition dairy cows.
The value of different fat supplements as sources of digestible energy for lactating dairy cows.
Fructose impairs glucose-induced hepatic triglyceride synthesis.
PPARδ agonists have opposing effects on insulin resistance in high fat-fed rats and mice due to different metabolic responses in muscle.
Maternal glucose concentration during pregnancy predicts fat and lean mass of prepubertal offspring.
Template to improve glycemic control without reducing adiposity or dietary fat.
Impact of weight change, secular trends and ageing on cardiovascular risk factors: 10-year experiences from the SOS study.
1-Phenyl-6,7-dihydroxy-isochroman suppresses lipopolysaccharide-induced pro-inflammatory mediator production in human monocytes.
Fasting plasma glucose and hemoglobin A1c in identifying and predicting diabetes: the strong heart study.
Phosphatidylinositol-4-phosphate-5-kinase alpha deficiency alters dynamics of glucose-stimulated insulin release to improve glucohomeostasis and decrease obesity in mice.
Smad3 deficiency in mice protects against insulin resistance and obesity induced by a high-fat diet.
Hypoxia-induced intrauterine growth restriction increases the susceptibility of rats to high-fat diet-induced metabolic syndrome.
Food preferences of Knysna and purple-crested turacos fed varying concentrations of equicaloric and equimolar artificial fruit.
A high-fat diet impairs cardiac high-energy phosphate metabolism and cognitive function in healthy human subjects.
Why feed on fungi? The nutritional content of sporocarps consumed by buffy-headed marmosets, Callithrix flaviceps (Primates: Callitrichidae), in southeastern Brazil.
Effect of mineral fortification on plasma biochemical profile in rats.
Increased insulin requirements during exercise at very high altitude in type 1 diabetes.
Consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages among adults with type 2 diabetes.
Modulatory effect of high saturated fat diet-induced metabolic disturbances on angiogenic response in hepatocyte RXRα knockout mice.
The contribution of visceral adiposity and mid-thigh fat-rich muscle to the metabolic profile in postmenopausal women.
Diet induced thermogenesis, fat oxidation and food intake following sequential meals: influence of calcium and vitamin D.
Bioactives from bitter melon enhance insulin signaling and modulate acyl carnitine content in skeletal muscle in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Effects of gestation and transition diets, piglet birth weight, and fasting time on depletion of glycogen pools in liver and 3 muscles of newborn piglets.
Homozygous staggerer (sg/sg) mice display improved insulin sensitivity and enhanced glucose uptake in skeletal muscle.
Effect of feeding a high-protein diet following an 18-hour period of feed withholding on mammalian target of rapamycin-dependent signaling in skeletal muscle of mature horses.
Opposing effects of NaCl restriction and carbohydrate loading on urine volume in diabetic rats.
Carbohydrate-enriched diet impairs cardiac performance by decreasing the utilization of fatty acid and glucose.
Metabolic impact of adult-onset, isolated, growth hormone deficiency (AOiGHD) due to destruction of pituitary somatotropes.
Growth arrest-specific protein 6 receptor antagonism impairs adipocyte differentiation and adipose tissue development in mice.
Increased muscular dehydroepiandrosterone levels are associated with improved hyperglycemia in obese rats.
Role of 12-lipoxygenase in decreasing P-cadherin and increasing angiotensin II type 1 receptor expression according to glomerular size in type 2 diabetic rats.
Altered adipose tissue metabolism in offspring of dietary obese rat dams.
Effects of a whey protein supplementation on intrahepatocellular lipids in obese female patients.
Impaired endothelial function in preadolescent children with type 1 diabetes.
Switching to black rice diets modulates low-density lipoprotein oxidation and lipid measurements in rabbits.
α3(V) collagen is critical for glucose homeostasis in mice due to effects in pancreatic islets and peripheral tissues.
Molecular hydrogen improves obesity and diabetes by inducing hepatic FGF21 and stimulating energy metabolism in db/db mice.
Regular vitamin C supplementation during pregnancy reduces hospitalization: outcomes of a Ugandan rural cohort study.
[Visfatin in obese patients, relation with cardiovascular risk factors, a cross sectional study].
Mineralocorticoid actions in the brain and hypertension.
Associations between health literacy, diabetes knowledge, self-care behaviors, and glycemic control in a low income population with type 2 diabetes.
Diet-induced dyslipidemia impairs reverse cholesterol transport in hamsters.
Dietary patterns, food and macronutrient intakes among adults in three ethnic groups in rural Kenya.
Passive immune-protection of small abalone against Vibrio alginolyticus infection by anti-Vibrio IgY-encapsulated feed.
[Effects of adiponectin gene SNP45T/G on changes of serum lipid ratios induced by high-carbohydrate/low-fat diet in healthy Chinese youth].
Prebiotic treatment in experimental colitis reduces the risk of colitic cancer.
No relevant relationship between glucose variability and oxidative stress in well-regulated type 2 diabetes patients.
Alterations in hepatic one-carbon metabolism and related pathways following a high-fat dietary intervention.
Berberine improves glucose metabolism in diabetic rats by inhibition of hepatic gluconeogenesis.
Elevated incidence of dental caries in a mouse model of cystic fibrosis.
Lack of dietary diversity and dyslipidaemia among stunted overweight children: the 2002 China National Nutrition and Health Survey.
DURATION-5: exenatide once weekly resulted in greater improvements in glycemic control compared with exenatide twice daily in patients with type 2 diabetes.
[High frequency of dyslipidemia and impaired fasting glycemia in a high altitude Peruvian population].
Angelica acutiloba root attenuates insulin resistance induced by high-fructose diet in rats.
Antidyslipidemic activity of hot-water extracts from leaves of Cinnamomum osmophloeum Kaneh.
High-protein low-carbohydrate diets: what is the rationale?
Insulin therapy has a complex relationship with measure of oxidative stress in type 2 diabetes: a case for further study.
Effects of high and low glycemic load meals on energy intake, satiety and hunger in obese Hispanic-American youth.
The antihyperglycemic effect of curcumin in high fat diet fed rats. Role of TNF-α and free fatty acids.
Calcium from plant sources is beneficial to lowering the risk of osteoporosis in postmenopausal Korean women.
Diets high in conjugated linoleic acid from pasture-fed cattle did not alter markers of health in young women.
Honey promotes lower weight gain, adiposity, and triglycerides than sucrose in rats.
Metabolic factors in the development of hepatic steatosis and altered mitochondrial gene expression in vivo.
Low-carbohydrate diet scores and risk of type 2 diabetes in men.
Granzyme B contributes to extracellular matrix remodeling and skin aging in apolipoprotein E knockout mice.
Effects on markers of inflammation and endothelial cell function of three ad libitum diets differing in type and amount of fat and carbohydrate: a 6-month randomised study in obese individuals.
Chronic inhibition of pyruvate dehydrogenase in heart triggers an adaptive metabolic response.
Efficacy of a family practice-based lifestyle intervention program to increase physical activity and reduce clinical and physiological markers of vascular health in patients with high normal blood pressure and/or high normal blood glucose (SNAC): study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Fat adaptation in well-trained athletes: effects on cell metabolism.
Increasing protein at the expense of carbohydrate in the diet down-regulates glucose utilization as glucose sparing effect in rats.
Intake of vegetables, fruits, carotenoids and vitamins C and E and pancreatic cancer risk in The Netherlands Cohort Study.
The modified Atkins diet for intractable epilepsy may be associated with late-onset egg-induced anaphylactic reaction: a case report.
Sugars and fat have different effects on postprandial glucose responses in normal and type 1 diabetic subjects.
Phytoestrogens enhance antioxidant enzymes after swimming exercise and modulate sex hormone plasma levels in female swimmers.
Turmeric and laurel aqueous extracts exhibit in vitro anti-atherosclerotic activity and in vivo hypolipidemic effects in a zebrafish model.
Dietary capsaicin attenuates metabolic dysregulation in genetically obese diabetic mice.
Quantification of fructans, galacto-oligosacharides and other short-chain carbohydrates in processed grains and cereals.
The contribution of school meals and packed lunch to food consumption and nutrient intakes in UK primary school children from a low income population.
The influence of dietary protein on market barrows and gilts supplemented creatine monohydrate in conjunction with a high glycemic carbohydrate.
Sub-chronic administration of stable GIP analog in mice decreases serum LPL activity and body weight.
Exercise attenuates matrix metalloproteinase activity in preexisting atherosclerotic plaque.
Predicting the risk of diabetic retinopathy in type 2 diabetic patients.
[Effects of the metabolic alkalosis induced by the diet in the high intensity anaerobic performance].
Protein and fat modify the glycaemic and insulinaemic responses to a mashed potato-based meal.
Influence of a reduced-starch diet with or without exogenous amylase on lactation performance by dairy cows.
Performance, metabolic, and endocrine responses of periparturient Holstein cows fed 3 sources of fat.
Olmesartan severely weakened the development of NASH in an animal model of hypercholesterolemia.
HbA1c and cardiovascular risk score identify people who may benefit from preventive interventions: a 7 year follow-up of a high-risk screening programme for diabetes in primary care (ADDITION), Denmark.
[Differential expression of six obesity-related genes with different disease phases of T2DM in cynomolgus monkey].
Antidiabetic effect of Dodonaea viscosa (L). Lacq. aerial parts in high fructose-fed insulin resistant rats: a mechanism based study.
Leptin resistance and desensitization of hypophagia during prolonged inflammatory challenge.
Geometric analysis of macronutrient selection in the adult domestic cat, Felis catus.
Exogenous corticosterone mimics a late fasting stage in captive Adelie penguins (Pygoscelis adeliae).
A case-control study on nutritional risk factors in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in Indian population.
Upregulation of alpha cell glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) in Psammomys obesus--an adaptive response to hyperglycaemia?
Myostatin-deficient mice exhibit reduced insulin resistance through activating the AMP-activated protein kinase signalling pathway.
Time-dependent effects of Prkce deletion on glucose homeostasis and hepatic lipid metabolism on dietary lipid oversupply in mice.
The effect of a supported exercise programme in patients with newly diagnosed Type 2 diabetes: a pilot study.
Bowel bacterial overgrowth as another cause of malnutrition, inflammation, and atherosclerosis syndrome in peritoneal dialysis patients.
The relationship between glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) and measures of insulin resistance across a range of glucose tolerance.
Soluble fiber-enriched diets improve inflammation and oxidative stress biomarkers in Zucker fatty rats.
Pancreatic beta-cell failure in obese mice with human-like CMP-Neu5Ac hydroxylase deficiency.
Cartilage oligomeric matrix protein inhibits vascular smooth muscle calcification by interacting with bone morphogenetic protein-2.
Beyond glucose: metabolic shifts in responses to the effects of the oral glucose tolerance test and the high-fructose diet in rats.
Upregulation of PPARγ by Aegle marmelos ameliorates insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction in high fat diet fed-streptozotocin induced type 2 diabetic rats.
Supplementing alpha-tocopherol (vitamin E) and vitamin D3 in high fat diet decrease IL-6 production in murine epididymal adipose tissue and 3T3-L1 adipocytes following LPS stimulation.
Adipose-specific deletion of Src homology phosphatase 2 does not significantly alter systemic glucose homeostasis.
Endogenous epinephrine protects against obesity induced insulin resistance.
[Effects of the +83C/T polymorphism in apolipoprotein AI gene on the changes of serum biochemical traits of gluocse and lipid metabolism induced by high-carbohydrate diets].
Intravenous administration of multipotent stromal cells prevents the onset of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in obese mice with metabolic syndrome.
Impaired insulin signaling in endothelial cells reduces insulin-induced glucose uptake by skeletal muscle.
Effect of weight gain on cardiac autonomic control during wakefulness and sleep.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress promotes LIPIN2-dependent hepatic insulin resistance.
SGLT2 deletion improves glucose homeostasis and preserves pancreatic beta-cell function.
Low-dose endotoxin induces inflammation by selectively removing nuclear receptors and activating CCAAT/enhancer-binding protein δ.
The prevalence of chronic kidney disease in the general population in Romania: a study on 60,000 persons.
Effects of ingested secondary metabolites on the immune response of a polyphagous caterpillar Grammia incorrupta.
Ischemic hippocampal cell death induces glucose dysregulation by attenuating glucose-stimulated insulin secretion which is exacerbated by a high fat diet.
Rhein ameliorates fatty liver disease through negative energy balance, hepatic lipogenic regulation, and immunomodulation in diet-induced obese mice.
The impact of pistachio intake alone or in combination with high-carbohydrate foods on post-prandial glycemia.
A study of Hassawi rice (Oryza sativa L.) in terms of its carbohydrate hydrolysis (in vitro) and glycaemic and insulinaemic indices (in vivo).
Preventing chronic diseases by promoting healthy diet and lifestyle: public policy implications for China.
High protein, low carbohydrate, and mineral balance.
Exercise ameliorates high-fat diet-induced metabolic and vascular dysfunction, and increases adipocyte progenitor cell population in brown adipose tissue.
[Effect of Euonymus alatus on the blood glucose and hemorheology in the rat model of Type 2 diabetes mellitus with blood stagnation].
Liver regeneration after partial hepatectomy in rat is more impaired in a steatotic liver induced by dietary fructose compared to dietary fat.
Simultaneous intake of oat bran and atorvastatin reduces their efficacy to lower lipid levels and atherosclerosis in LDLr-/- mice.
The effects of branched-chain amino acid granules on the accumulation of tissue triglycerides and uncoupling proteins in diet-induced obese mice.
[Overweight and surgical procedures: a proposal for a compatible dietary regimen].
Irvingia gabonensis fat: nutritional properties and effect of increasing amounts on the growth and lipid metabolism of young rats wistar sp.
Increased ratio of dietary carbohydrate to protein shifts the focus of metabolic signaling from skeletal muscle to adipose.
Efficacy and consequences of very-high-protein diets for athletes and exercisers.
Antidiabetic effects of duodenojejunal bypass in an experimental model of diabetes induced by a high-fat diet.
Dietary and genetic evidence for enhancing glucose metabolism and reducing obesity by inhibiting klotho functions.
Treatment of recurrent focal segmental glomerular sclerosis posttransplant with a multimodal approach including high-galactose diet and oral galactose supplementation.
Hypolipidaemic and hypoglycaemic effects of total flavonoids from seed residues of Hippophae rhamnoides L. in mice fed a high-fat diet.
The hexosamine biosynthetic pathway can mediate myocardial apoptosis in a rat model of diet-induced insulin resistance.
Myocardial autophagy activation and suppressed survival signaling is associated with insulin resistance in fructose-fed mice.
High-fat diet induces an initial adaptation of mitochondrial bioenergetics in the kidney despite evident oxidative stress and mitochondrial ROS production.
Effects of Graptopetalum paraguayense consumption on serum lipid profiles and antioxidative status in hypercholesteremic subjects.
Behavioral changes associated with economic development in the South Pacific: health transition in Vanuatu.
Dietary supplementation of grape skin extract improves glycemia and inflammation in diet-induced obese mice fed a Western high fat diet.
High-protein, reduced-carbohydrate weight-loss diets promote metabolite profiles likely to be detrimental to colonic health.
Antidiabetic and antisteatotic effects of the selective fatty acid synthase (FAS) inhibitor platensimycin in mouse models of diabetes.
Effects of ad libitum ingestion of monosodium glutamate on weight gain in C57BL6/J mice.
Effect of myostatin depletion on weight gain, hyperglycemia, and hepatic steatosis during five months of high-fat feeding in mice.
[Prevalence of metabolic syndrome in indigenous people over 40 years of age in Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil].
Study on the protective effect of the Mixture of Shengmai Powder and Danshen Decoction on the myocardium of diabetic cardiomyopathy in the rat model.
Transcriptional effects of dietary exposure of oil-contaminated Calanus finmarchicus in Atlantic herring (Clupea harengus).
Antiobesity activities of indole-3-carbinol in high-fat-diet-induced obese mice.
Glucose and insulin modify thrombospondin 1 expression and secretion in primary adipocytes from diet-induced obese rats.
Central apelin controls glucose homeostasis via a nitric oxide-dependent pathway in mice.
Obesity-dependent cannabinoid modulation of proliferation in adult neurogenic regions.
Effects of 4-week very-high-fructose/glucose diets on insulin sensitivity, visceral fat and intrahepatic lipids: an exploratory trial.
Regulation of hepatic fat and glucose oxidation in rats with lipid-induced hepatic insulin resistance.
Randomized comparison of reduced fat and reduced carbohydrate hypocaloric diets on intrahepatic fat in overweight and obese human subjects.
Nutrition and Alzheimer's disease: the detrimental role of a high carbohydrate diet.
Effect of a high-protein diet on ghrelin, growth hormone, and insulin-like growth factor-I and binding proteins 1 and 3 in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Dietary intake of participants with peripheral artery disease and claudication.
Alterations in lipid metabolism and thermogenesis with emergence of brown adipocytes in white adipose tissue in diet-induced obesity-resistant Lou/C rats.
The mixed health messages of Millsberry: a critical study of online child-targeted food advergaming.
Dietary modulation of clostridial cluster XIVa gut bacteria (Roseburia spp.) by chitin-glucan fiber improves host metabolic alterations induced by high-fat diet in mice.
Dental caries in rats associated with Candida albicans.
Matsuda-DeFronzo insulin sensitivity index is a better predictor than HOMA-IR of hypertension in Japanese: the Tanno-Sobetsu study.
A systematic review of dietary intake after laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding.
Effects of a 3-month supplementation with a novel soluble highly viscous polysaccharide on anthropometry and blood lipids in nondieting overweight or obese adults.
Antioxidant intake from diet and supplements and elevated serum C-reactive protein and plasma homocysteine concentrations in US adults: a cross-sectional study.
High-fat feeding inhibits exercise-induced increase in mitochondrial respiratory flux in skeletal muscle.
Ruminant Nutrition Symposium: Productivity, digestion, and health responses to hindgut acidosis in ruminants.
Comparative effects of the long-acting GLP-1 receptor ligands, liraglutide and exendin-4, on food intake and body weight suppression in rats.
Zinc absorption from low phytic acid genotypes of maize (Zea mays L.), Barley (Hordeum vulgare L.), and Rice (Oryza sativa L.) assessed in a suckling rat pup model.
Ascorbic acid, phenolic acid, flavonoid, and carotenoid profiles of selected extracts from Ribes nigrum.
Post-prandial rise of microvesicles in peripheral blood of healthy human donors.
Prevention and reversal of diet-induced leptin resistance with a sugar-free diet despite high fat content.
[Expression of orexin receptor 1 in rat pancreatic tissue with alimentary obesity].
Associations between diet and both high and low pure tone averages and transient evoked otoacoustic emissions in an older adult population-based study.
High tax on high energy dense foods and its effects on the purchase of calories in a supermarket. An experiment.
Under- and over-reporting of energy intake in slovenian adolescents.
Pro-atherogenic postprandial profile: meal-induced changes of lipoprotein sub-fractions and inflammation markers in obese boys.
Dietary macronutrient intake and lower urinary tract symptoms in women.
Adipose-specific disruption of autotaxin enhances nutritional fattening and reduces plasma lysophosphatidic acid.
Metabolic profiles in children during fasting.
[The effects of high-protein, low-carbohydrate diet on body weight and the expression of gastrointestinal hormones in diet-induced obesity rat].
Diet fermentability influences lactational performance responses to corn distillers grains: a meta-analysis.
Maternal 'junk-food' feeding of rat dams alters food choices and development of the mesolimbic reward pathway in the offspring.
Lack of dietary carbohydrates induces hepatic growth hormone (GH) resistance in rats.
Telmisartan improves insulin resistance and modulates adipose tissue macrophage polarization in high-fat-fed mice.
Do antioxidant vitamins ameliorate the beneficial effects of exercise training on insulin sensitivity?
Shifting from glucose diagnostic criteria to the new HbA(1c) criteria would have a profound impact on prevalence of diabetes among a high-risk Spanish population.
Effect of trans-fat, fructose and monosodium glutamate feeding on feline weight gain, adiposity, insulin sensitivity, adipokine and lipid profile.
Lipid redistribution by α-linolenic acid-rich chia seed inhibits stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1 and induces cardiac and hepatic protection in diet-induced obese rats.
Sugar-sweetened and artificially sweetened beverage consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes in men.
Fecal butyrate levels vary widely among individuals but are usually increased by a diet high in resistant starch.
Supplementation with a fish oil-enriched, high-protein medical food leads to rapid incorporation of EPA into white blood cells and modulates immune responses within one week in healthy men and women.
Ascorbic acid offsets the inhibitory effect of bioactive dietary polyphenolic compounds on transepithelial iron transport in Caco-2 intestinal cells.
Dietary fiber, carbohydrates, glycemic index, and glycemic load in relation to breast cancer prognosis in the HEAL cohort.
[Relationship of dietary iron intake, body iron overload and the risk of metabolic syndrome].
[Effect of the duration of high-fat diet and the dosage of streptozotocin on establishing experimental animal model of type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Effect of a high-fat meal on the pharmacokinetics of dapagliflozin, a selective SGLT2 inhibitor, in healthy subjects.
Eosinophils sustain adipose alternatively activated macrophages associated with glucose homeostasis.
Dietary monounsaturated fat in early life regulates IGFBP2: implications for fat mass accretion and insulin sensitivity.
FGF19 regulates cell proliferation, glucose and bile acid metabolism via FGFR4-dependent and independent pathways.
High-fat diet based on dried bovine brain: an effective animal model of dyslipidemia and insulin resistance.
Pomegranate seed oil, a rich source of punicic acid, prevents diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance in mice.
[Ketogenic diet for intractable childhood epilepsy; as an early option as well as a last resort].
Association of urine acidification with visceral obesity and the metabolic syndrome.
Water extracts of cinnamon and clove exhibits potent inhibition of protein glycation and anti-atherosclerotic activity in vitro and in vivo hypolipidemic activity in zebrafish.
Influence of quercetin supplementation on disease risk factors in community-dwelling adults.
Intakes of vitamins and minerals in relation to urinary incontinence, voiding, and storage symptoms in women: a cross-sectional analysis from the Boston Area Community Health survey.
[The influence of diet with reduction in calorie intake on metabolic syndrome parameters in obese subjects with impaired glucose tolerance].
Are all statins the same? Focus on the efficacy and tolerability of pitavastatin.
Resistance to age-related, normal body weight gain in RGS2 deficient mice.
The effects of dietary supplementation of methionine on genomic stability and p53 gene promoter methylation in rats.
Dietary β-conglycinin prevents fatty liver induced by a high-fat diet by a decrease in peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ2 protein.
Central endocannabinoid signaling regulates hepatic glucose production and systemic lipolysis.
Human C-reactive protein exacerbates metabolic disorders in association with adipose tissue remodelling.
Probiotics affect the clinical inflammatory parameters of experimental gingivitis in humans.
Maximal voluntary contraction force, SR function and glycogen resynthesis during the first 72 h after a high-level competitive soccer game.
Effects on weight gain and gut microbiota in rats given bacterial supplements and a high-energy-dense diet from fetal life through to 6 months of age.
Phylogenetic analysis of the fecal microbial community in herbivorous land and marine iguanas of the Galápagos Islands using 16S rRNA-based pyrosequencing.
Dietary Fat and Carbohydrate Composition: Metabolic Disease
Heritable Variation in Fat Preference
Redox homeostasis and posttranslational modifications/activity of phosphatase and tensin homolog in hepatocytes from rats with diet-induced hepatosteatosis.
Health status of diabetes type 2 patients in Thailand contradicts their perception and admitted compliance.
Hepatic steatosis, inflammation, and ER stress in mice maintained long term on a very low-carbohydrate ketogenic diet.
Lecithin cholesterol acyltransferase null mice are protected from diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance in a gender-specific manner through multiple pathways.
Monoglyceride lipase deficiency in mice impairs lipolysis and attenuates diet-induced insulin resistance.
Renal function in type 2 diabetes with rosiglitazone, metformin, and glyburide monotherapy.
Long-term high-fat diet-induced obesity decreases the cardiac leptin receptor without apparent lipotoxicity.
Berberine attenuates cardiac dysfunction in hyperglycemic and hypercholesterolemic rats.
Pancreatic and intestinal carbohydrases are matched to dietary starch level in wild passerine birds.
Effects of lipoic acid on apelin in 3T3-L1 adipocytes and in high-fat fed rats.
Effect of amaranth seeds (Amaranthus cruentus) in the diet on some biochemical parameters and essential trace elements in blood of high fructose-fed rats.
The pharmacologic treatment of Dravet syndrome.
Ablation of PI3K p110-α prevents high-fat diet-induced liver steatosis.
Unexpected long-term protection of adult offspring born to high-fat fed dams against obesity induced by a sucrose-rich diet.
Dietary saury oil reduces hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia in diabetic KKAy mice and in diet-induced obese C57BL/6J mice by altering gene expression.
Energy at high altitude.
Substance P (SP)-neurokinin-1 receptor (NK-1R) alters adipose tissue responses to high-fat diet and insulin action.
Dietary intake and risk of developing inflammatory bowel disease: a systematic review of the literature.
Involvement of vascular endothelial nitric oxide synthase in development of experimental diabetic nephropathy in rats.
GPR39, a receptor of the ghrelin receptor family, plays a role in the regulation of glucose homeostasis in a mouse model of early onset diet-induced obesity.
Glycyrrhizic acid attenuates the expression of HMG-CoA reductase mRNA in high fructose diet induced dyslipidemic hamsters.
The 2',4',6'-trihydroxyacetophenone isolated from Myrcia multiflora has antiobesity and mixed hypolipidemic effects with the reduction of lipid intestinal absorption.
HbA(1c) values for defining diabetes and impaired fasting glucose in Asian Indians.
Greater weight loss and hormonal changes after 6 months diet with carbohydrates eaten mostly at dinner.
Beneficial effects of banana (Musa sp. var. elakki bale) flower and pseudostem on hyperglycemia and advanced glycation end-products (AGEs) in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Use of a food frequency questionnaire to assess diets of Jamaican adults: validation and correlation with biomarkers.
Identifying metabolic syndrome in African American children using fasting HOMA-IR in place of glucose.
Intermittent hypoxia inhibits clearance of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins and inactivates adipose lipoprotein lipase in a mouse model of sleep apnoea.
An invertebrate hyperglycemic model for the identification of anti-diabetic drugs.
Consistency of the disposition index in the face of diet induced insulin resistance: potential role of FFA.
Tuberous sclerosis complex-1 deficiency attenuates diet-induced hepatic lipid accumulation.
(1-3)(1-6)-β-glucan-enriched materials from Lentinus edodes mushroom as a high-fibre and low-calorie flour substitute for baked foods.
Hepatic steatosis by dietary-conjugated linoleic acid is accompanied by accumulation of diacylglycerol and increased membrane-associated protein kinase C ε in mice.
Ezetimibe beneficially influences fasting and postprandial triglyceride-rich lipoproteins in type 2 diabetes.
Waist circumference is positively correlated with markers of inflammation and negatively with adiponectin in women with metabolic syndrome.
No observable differences in glycemic response to maltitol in human subjects from 3 ethnically diverse groups.
Diet and myocardial infarction: a nested case-control study in a cohort of elderly subjects in a Mediterranean area of southern Italy.
Resveratrol-activated SIRT1 in liver and pancreatic β-cells: a Janus head looking to the same direction of metabolic homeostasis.
[A factor of fasting blood glucose and dietary patterns in Korean adults using data from the 2007, 2008 and 2009 Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey].
PANDER KO mice on high-fat diet are glucose intolerant yet resistant to fasting hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia.
Impaired intestinal afferent nerve satiety signalling and vagal afferent excitability in diet induced obesity in the mouse.
Gestational high fat diet programs hepatic phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase gene expression and histone modification in neonatal offspring rats.
Glucuronic acid epimerase is associated with plasma triglyceride and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in Turks.
Sucrose induces fatty liver and pancreatic inflammation in male breeder rats independent of excess energy intake.
Low glycemic index diet in children and young adults with refractory epilepsy: first Italian experience.
High activity enables life on a high-sugar diet: blood glucose regulation in nectar-feeding bats.
Dietary dilemmas in the management of glycogen storage disease type I.
Animal models of addiction: fat and sugar.
Increased arterial stiffness in healthy subjects with high-normal glucose levels and in subjects with pre-diabetes.
Inhibition of ceramide synthesis reverses endothelial dysfunction and atherosclerosis in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Change in food cravings, food preferences, and appetite during a low-carbohydrate and low-fat diet.
Insight into glycan diversity and evolutionary lineage based on comparative Avio-N-glycomics and sialic acid analysis of 88 egg whites of Galloanserae.
Effect of Amla fruit (Emblica officinalis Gaertn.) on blood glucose and lipid profile of normal subjects and type 2 diabetic patients.
Fasting plasma glucose and clustering of cardiometabolic risk factors in normoglycemic outpatient children and adolescents.
Quantifying cholesterol synthesis in vivo using (2)H(2)O: enabling back-to-back studies in the same subject.
Comparison of metabolic profile and adiponectin level with pioglitazone versus voglibose in patients with type-2 diabetes mellitus associated with metabolic syndrome.
Determinants of an optimal response to pioglitazone in terms of HDL-cholesterol.
Usual dietary intake and cardiovascular risk factors in older Brazilian women.
A ketogenic diet delays weight loss and does not impair working memory or motor function in the R6/2 1J mouse model of Huntington's disease.
Long-term complications in Estonian galactosemia patients with a less strict lactose-free diet and metabolic control.
The relationship between cognitive impairment and diabetes self-management in a population-based community sample of older adults with Type 2 diabetes.
The effect of standard chow and reduced hexokinase II on growth, cardiac and skeletal muscle hexokinase and low-flow cardiac ischaemia-reperfusion injury.
Bariatric surgery: a cure for diabetes?
Cardiorespiratory fitness determines the reduction in blood pressure and insulin resistance during lifestyle intervention.
Beta-glucan- or rice bran-enriched foods: a comparative crossover clinical trial on lipidic pattern in mildly hypercholesterolemic men.
Orexin A stimulates glucose uptake, lipid accumulation and adiponectin secretion from 3T3-L1 adipocytes and isolated primary rat adipocytes.
Pharmacokinetics of verapamil in diabetic rats induced by combination of high-fat diet and streptozotocin injection.
Deep congenic analysis identifies many strong, context-dependent QTLs, one of which, Slc35b4, regulates obesity and glucose homeostasis.
Role for PPARγ in obesity-induced hepatic steatosis as determined by hepatocyte- and macrophage-specific conditional knockouts.
Sulfatases and a radical S-adenosyl-L-methionine (AdoMet) enzyme are key for mucosal foraging and fitness of the prominent human gut symbiont, Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron.
Inflammatory phenotyping identifies CD11d as a gene markedly induced in white adipose tissue in obese rodents and women.
Rutin attenuates metabolic changes, nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, and cardiovascular remodeling in high-carbohydrate, high-fat diet-fed rats.
High prevalence of hypovitaminosis D in young healthy adults from the western part of India.
Diet-induced obesity in stem cell antigen-1 KO mice.
Effects of salvianolic scid A on plantar microcirculation and peripheral nerve function in diabetic rats.
Consumption of palatable food decreases the anorectic effects of serotonergic, but not dopaminergic drugs in baboons.
Metabolic factors, adipose tissue, and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 levels in type 2 diabetes: findings from the look AHEAD study.
Genetic interaction between hyperglycemic QTLs is manifested under a high calorie diet in OLETF-derived congenic rats.
Zinc's role in rat preference for a low-fat diet in a two-choice diet program of low- and high-fat diets.
Weight loss is associated with improved endothelial dysfunction via NOX2-generated oxidative stress down-regulation in patients with the metabolic syndrome.
Food restriction improves glucose and lipid metabolism through Sirt1 expression: a study using a new rat model with obesity and severe hypertension.
Lack of interleukin-1 receptor I (IL-1RI) protects mice from high-fat diet-induced adipose tissue inflammation coincident with improved glucose homeostasis.
Imaging of atherosclerotic aorta of rabbit model by detection of plaque inflammation with fluorine-18 fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography/computed tomography.
The reduction of the metabolyc syndrome in Navarra-Spain (RESMENA-S) study: a multidisciplinary strategy based on chrononutrition and nutritional education, together with dietetic and psychological control.
Effect of a low glycemic load on body composition and Homeostasis Model Assessment (HOMA) in overweight and obese subjects.
Effects of a balanced energy and high protein formula diet (Vegestart complet®) vs. low-calorie regular diet in morbid obese patients prior to bariatric surgery (laparoscopic single anastomosis gastric bypass): a prospective, double-blind randomized study.
[Strategies for improving nutritional value of the meals offered by public nursing homes for the elderly].
Enhancing health literacy and behavioural change within a tele-care education and support intervention for people with type 2 diabetes.
Effects of a high-protein, low-carbohydrate v. high-protein, moderate-carbohydrate weight-loss diet on antioxidant status, endothelial markers and plasma indices of the cardiometabolic profile.
Diet-induced obesity leads to the development of leptin resistance in vagal afferent neurons.
Liver X receptors regulate de novo lipogenesis in a tissue-specific manner in C57BL/6 female mice.
Modification of selected bacteria and markers of protein fermentation in the distal gastrointestinal tract of pigs upon consumption of chitosan is accompanied by heightened manure odor emissions.
Effect of feed withdrawal and dietary energy source on muscle glycolytic potential and blood acid-base responses to handling in slaughter-weight pigs.
Comparison of high protein and high fiber weight-loss diets in women with risk factors for the metabolic syndrome: a randomized trial.
Perturbations of plasma metabolites correlated with the rise of rumen endotoxin in dairy cows fed diets rich in easily degradable carbohydrates.
The effects of starch and rapidly degradable dry matter from concentrate on ruminal digestion in dairy cows fed corn silage-based diets with fixed forage proportion.
A low-glycemic index diet and exercise intervention reduces TNF(alpha) in isolated mononuclear cells of older, obese adults.
Dietary protein and sugar differentially affect development and metabolic pools in ecologically diverse Drosophila.
Membrane cholesterol modulates the fluid shear stress response of polymorphonuclear leukocytes via its effects on membrane fluidity.
Postprandial hyperglycemia and glycemic variability: should we care?
Type 2 diabetes can be prevented with early pharmacological intervention.
High protein diet maintains glucose production during exercise-induced energy deficit: a controlled trial.
A comparison of the metabolic response to abdominal obesity in two Canadian Inuit and First Nations population.
Effects of different starch sources on metabolic profile, production and fertility parameters in dairy cows.
Evaluation of the effects of pregnancy on insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, and glucose dynamics in Thoroughbred mares.
Adiponectin profiles are affected by chronic and acute changes in carbohydrate intake in healthy cats.
The soluble fiber complex PolyGlycopleX lowers serum triglycerides and reduces hepatic steatosis in high-sucrose-fed rats.
Protein tyrosine phosphatase epsilon affects body weight by downregulating leptin signaling in a phosphorylation-dependent manner.
Knockdown of NPY expression in the dorsomedial hypothalamus promotes development of brown adipocytes and prevents diet-induced obesity.
Soy protein prevents renal damage in a fructose-induced model of metabolic syndrome via inhibition of NF-kB in male rats.
Glycemic responses to sweetened dried and raw cranberries in humans with type 2 diabetes.
Wild Mediterranean plants as traditional food: a valuable source of antioxidants.
Effect of oryzanol and ferulic acid on the glucose metabolism of mice fed with a high-fat diet.
How do xanthan and hydroxypropyl methylcellulose individually affect the physicochemical properties in a model gluten-free dough?
Pilot-scale technology development, nutritional and consumer assessment of whole-multigrain cookies as influenced by fructan inclusion.
Haploid insufficiency of suppressor enhancer Lin12 1-like (SEL1L) protein predisposes mice to high fat diet-induced hyperglycemia.
Tinospora cordifolia attenuates oxidative stress and distorted carbohydrate metabolism in experimentally induced type 2 diabetes in rats.
Genetic ablation or chemical inhibition of phosphatidylcholine transfer protein attenuates diet-induced hepatic glucose production.
Effects of potential dietary inhibitors of endogenous DNA damage on mutagenesis and lipid peroxidation in lacZ mice.
Body composition and hormonal effects following exposure to mycotoxin deoxynivalenol in the high-fat diet-induced obese mouse.
Hypocholesterolemic and hypoglycemic effects of enzymatically modified carbohydrates from rice in high-fat-fed C57BL/6J mice.
Sex differences during the course of diet-induced obesity in mice: adipose tissue expandability and glycemic control.
In vitro and in vivo anti-hyperglycemic effects of Omija (Schizandra chinensis) fruit.
The effects of erythropoietin dose titration during high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Characterisation of the arabinose-rich carbohydrate composition of immature and mature marama beans (Tylosema esculentum).
Birth weight, current body mass index, and insulin sensitivity and secretion in young adults in two Latin American populations.
Cyanidin 3-glucoside attenuates obesity-associated insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis in high-fat diet-fed and db/db mice via the transcription factor FoxO1.
Dietary cystine level affects metabolic rate and glycaemic control in adult mice.
The adaptor protein APPL1 increases glycogen accumulation in rat skeletal muscle through activation of the PI3-kinase signalling pathway.
Synergistic improvement in insulin resistance with a combination of fenofibrate and rosiglitazone in obese type 2 diabetic mice.
Effects of high dietary levels of soybean meal and its constituents (potassium, oligosaccharides) on foot pad dermatitis in growing turkeys housed on dry and wet litter.
Intestinal SR-BI is upregulated in insulin-resistant states and is associated with overproduction of intestinal apoB48-containing lipoproteins.
Comparison of measures of adiposity in identifying cardiovascular disease risk among Ethiopian adults.
The effects of a high-fat sucrose diet on functional outcome following cortical contusion injury in the rat.
Influence of substrate oxidation on the reward system, no role of dietary fibre.
Obesogenic diets may differentially alter dopamine control of sucrose and fructose intake in rats.
Vascular protective potential of the total flavanol glycosides from Abacopteris penangiana via modulating nuclear transcription factor-κB signaling pathway and oxidative stress.
Cinnamon increases liver glycogen in an animal model of insulin resistance.
Insulin improves β-cell function in glucose-intolerant rat models induced by feeding a high-fat diet.
Intermittent injections of osteocalcin improve glucose metabolism and prevent type 2 diabetes in mice.
High-fat diet overrules the effects of training on fiber-specific intramyocellular lipid utilization during exercise.
A grape polyphenol extract modulates muscle membrane fatty acid composition and lipid metabolism in high-fat--high-sucrose diet-fed rats.
Growth hormone receptor regulates β cell hyperplasia and glucose-stimulated insulin secretion in obese mice.
Novel etiopathophysiological aspects of thyrotoxic periodic paralysis.
Analysis of the hydrogenotrophic microbiota of wild and captive black howler monkeys (Alouatta pigra) in palenque national park, Mexico.
Dietary patterns among British adults: compatibility with dietary guidelines for salt/sodium, fat, saturated fat and sugars.
A low frequency variant within the GWAS locus of MTNR1B affects fasting glucose concentrations: genetic risk is modulated by obesity.
Recording lifetime behavior and movement in an invertebrate model.
¹⁸F-Fluoro-2-deoxyglucose positron emission tomography in cardiac sarcoidosis.
Obesity and the gut microbiota: does up-regulating colonic fermentation protect against obesity and metabolic disease?
Indirect benefits of symbiotic coccoids for an ant-defended myrmecophytic tree.
Blood glucose patterns in type 2 diabetic patients with optimal fasting plasma glucose but high HbA1c.
Effect of a low molecular weight, high-purity β-glucan on in vitro digestion and glycemic response.
Single nucleotide polymorphisms at the ADIPOQ gene locus interact with age and dietary intake of fat to determine serum adiponectin in subjects at risk of the metabolic syndrome.
Bacterial translocation is reduced by a specific nutritional combination in mice with chemotherapy-induced neutropenia.
Osteopontin deficiency protects against obesity-induced hepatic steatosis and attenuates glucose production in mice.
Dietary behaviour and nutritional status in underprivileged people using food aid (ABENA study, 2004-2005).
Interleukin-6 regulates the expression of hypothalamic neuropeptides involved in body weight in a gender-dependent way.
Inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate receptor 1 mutation perturbs glucose homeostasis and enhances susceptibility to diet-induced diabetes.
The bowel habits of adolescents in Nigeria.
Anthocyanin extract from black rice significantly ameliorates platelet hyperactivity and hypertriglyceridemia in dyslipidemic rats induced by high fat diets.
The use of fasting vs. non-fasting triglyceride concentration for estimating the prevalence of high LDL-cholesterol and metabolic syndrome in population surveys.
A high fat diet-induced impaired glucose metabolism in mice with targeted deletion of calpain in osteoblasts.
High fat diet induced diabetic cardiomyopathy.
Soluble epoxide hydrolase deficiency alters pancreatic islet size and improves glucose homeostasis in a model of insulin resistance.
Regulation of de novo hepatic lipogenesis by insulin infusion in rainbow trout fed a high-carbohydrate diet.
High-carbohydrate, high-fat diet-induced metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular remodeling in rats.
The level of protein in milk formula modifies ileal sensitivity to LPS later in life in a piglet model.
High dietary protein combats the stress of Labeo rohita fingerlings exposed to heat shock.
Effects of high and moderate non-structural carbohydrate hay on insulin, glucose, triglyceride, and leptin concentrations in overweight Arabian geldings.
Inpatient management of severe malnutrition: time for a change in protocol and practice.
PKCδ regulates hepatic insulin sensitivity and hepatosteatosis in mice and humans.
Improved efficacy of prebiotic by flaxseed oil and horse chestnut in experimental colon cancer.
Supplementation of a western diet with golden kiwifruits (Actinidia chinensis var.'Hort 16A':) effects on biomarkers of oxidation damage and antioxidant protection.
Chronic glucokinase activation reduces glycaemia and improves glucose tolerance in high-fat diet fed mice.
Low-carbohydrate diet review: shifting the paradigm.
Perinatal exposure to bisphenol A at reference dose predisposes offspring to metabolic syndrome in adult rats on a high-fat diet.
Role of intestinal inflammation as an early event in obesity and insulin resistance.
Fruit and vegetable intake influences the association between exposure to polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons and a marker of oxidative stress in pregnant women.
Predictors of lifestyle intervention outcome and dropout: the SLIM study.
Deficiency of the mitochondrial electron transport chain in muscle does not cause insulin resistance.
Dietary red palm oil protects the heart against the cytotoxic effects of anthracycline.
[High-density lipoprotein (HDL) and cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP): role in lipid metabolism and clinical meaning].
Carnitine palmitoyltransferase-1c gain-of-function in the brain results in postnatal microencephaly.
Characterization of the impaired glucose homeostasis produced in C57BL/6 mice by chronic exposure to arsenic and high-fat diet.
Role of dietary factors and food habits in the development of childhood obesity: a commentary by the ESPGHAN Committee on Nutrition.
Food and macronutrient intake of elite Ethiopian distance runners.
Levels of endogenous β-glucanase activity in barley affect the efficacy of exogenous enzymes used to supplement barley-based diets for poultry.
TRPV1 agonist monoacylglycerol increases UCP1 content in brown adipose tissue and suppresses accumulation of visceral fat in mice fed a high-fat and high-sucrose diet.
Insulin resistance is increased in patients with vitiligo.
Nutritionally induced relationships between insulin levels during the weaning-to-ovulation interval and reproductive characteristics in multiparous sows: II. Luteal development, progesterone and conceptus development and uniformity.
Effect of hydroxypropyl methylcellulose on obesity and glucose metabolism in a diet-induced obesity mouse model.
Physiological role of ghrelin as revealed by the ghrelin and GOAT knockout mice.
A Mediterranean-style low-glycemic-load diet improves variables of metabolic syndrome in women, and addition of a phytochemical-rich medical food enhances benefits on lipoprotein metabolism.
Combined atherogenic effects of celiac disease and type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Depression among adults with diabetes in Jordan: risk factors and relationship to blood sugar control.
Impaired insulin secretion and enhanced insulin sensitivity in cholecystokinin-deficient mice.
Increases in β-amyloid protein in the hippocampus caused by diabetic metabolic disorder are blocked by minocycline through inhibition of NF-κB pathway activation.
Pancreatic ultrastructural enhancement due to telmisartan plus sitagliptin treatment in diet-induced obese C57BL/6 mice.
Vascular alterations in high-fat diet-obese rats: role of endothelial L-arginine/NO pathway.
A high-carbohydrate diet enhances the adverse effect of the S2 allele of APOC3 SstI polymorphism on the TG/HDL-C ratio only in young Chinese females.
Liver-specific deletion of protein tyrosine phosphatase (PTP) 1B improves obesity- and pharmacologically induced endoplasmic reticulum stress.
Evidence for a second meal cognitive effect: glycaemic responses to high and low glycaemic index evening meals are associated with cognition the following morning.
Prospects for using nonconventional feeds in diets for Awassi dairy sheep in Syria.
The effect of high-sugar grass on predicted nitrogen excretion and milk yield simulated using a dynamic model.
New (1)h NMR procedure for the characterization of native and modified food-grade starches.
Antilithogenic influence of dietary capsaicin and curcumin during experimental induction of cholesterol gallstone in mice.
Associations of the SREBP-1c gene polymorphism with gender-specific changes in serum lipids induced by a high-carbohydrate diet in healthy Chinese youth.
Leucine-protein supplemented recovery feeding enhances subsequent cycling performance in well-trained men.
A reduction of CETP activity, not an increase, is associated with modestly impaired postprandial lipemia and increased HDL-cholesterol in adult asymptomatic women.
Effect of diacerein on insulin secretion and metabolic control in drug-naive patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomized clinical trial.
Impact of glycemic and blood pressure variability on surrogate measures of cardiovascular outcomes in type 2 diabetic patients.
Plasma and liver lipidomics response to an intervention of rimonabant in ApoE*3Leiden.CETP transgenic mice.
Ursolic acid, a pentacyclic triterpene from Sambucus australis, prevents abdominal adiposity in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Protective effects of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor against increased β cell apoptosis induced by dietary sucrose and linoleic acid in mice with diabetes.
Low-fructose diet lowers blood pressure and inflammation in patients with chronic kidney disease.
Scores on the dietary guideline index for children and adolescents are associated with nutrient intake and socio-economic position but not adiposity.
Fatty fish in the diet of patients with type 2 diabetes: comparison of the metabolic effects of foods rich in n-3 and n-6 fatty acids.
[Amaranth bars enriched with fructans: acceptability and nutritional value].
The relationship between substrate metabolism, exercise and appetite control: does glycogen availability influence the motivation to eat, energy intake or food choice?
Association of δ¹³C in fingerstick blood with added-sugar and sugar-sweetened beverage intake.
Exercise training biomarkers: influence of short-term diet modification on the blood lactate to rating of perceived exertion (La:RPE) ratio.
Monosodium glutamate versus diet induced obesity in pregnant rats and their offspring.
Globalization of diabetes: the role of diet, lifestyle, and genes.
Fasting glucose cutoff point: where does the risk terminate? Tehran lipid and glucose study.
Long-term adaptation of global transcription and metabolism in the liver of high-fat diet-fed C57BL/6J mice.
Macronutrient content of plant-based food affects growth of a carnivorous arthropod.
Lipid lowering by hydroalcoholic extracts of Amaranthus caudatus L. induces regression of rabbits atherosclerotic lesions.
A high fructose diet does not affect amphetamine self-administration or spatial water maze learning and memory in female rats.
Role of FAT/CD36 in novel PKC isoform activation in heart of spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Effect of high-protein or normal-protein diet on weight loss, body composition, hormone, and metabolic profile in southern Brazilian women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a randomized study.
Dietary differences between elderly Iranians living in Sweden and Iran a cross-sectional comparative study.
Starch with high amylose content and low in vitro digestibility increases intestinal nutrient flow and microbial fermentation and selectively promotes bifidobacteria in pigs.
Diet-induced lipid accumulation in liver enhances ATP-binding cassette transporter g5/g8 expression in bile canaliculi.
Evolution of food provision to athletes at the summer Olympic Games.
Strategies to detect abnormal glucose metabolism in people at high risk of cardiovascular disease from the ORIGIN (Outcome Reduction with Initial Glargine Intervention) trial population.
Comparison of two methods using plasma triglyceride concentration as a surrogate estimate of insulin action in nondiabetic subjects: triglycerides × glucose versus triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol.
Nutritional geometry: gorillas prioritize non-protein energy while consuming surplus protein.
Endurance exercise training blunts the deleterious effect of high-fat feeding on whole body efficiency.
Effects of supplemented isoenergetic diets differing in cereal fiber and protein content on insulin sensitivity in overweight humans.
Glutamate microinjected in the posterodorsal medial amygdala induces subtle increase in the consumption of a three-choice macronutrient self-selection diet in male rats.
Phosphorylase Kinase Deficiency
Effects of dietary carbohydrate sources on plasma glucose, insulin and IGF-I levels in multiparous sows.
Protein kinase C inhibition ameliorates functional endothelial insulin resistance and vascular smooth muscle cell hypersensitivity to insulin in diabetic hypertensive rats.
High serum fasting peptide YY (3-36) is associated with obesity-associated insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes.
A high-fat diet temporarily accelerates gastrointestinal transit and reduces satiety in men.
Hypocholesterolemic Effects of N-[(2-Hydroxy-3-N,N-Dimethylhexadecyl Ammonium)Propyl] Chitosan Chloride in High-Fat-Diet-Induced Rats.
Associations between the macronutrient composition of the evening meal and average daily sleep duration in early childhood.
High-fat feeding promotes obesity via insulin receptor/PI3K-dependent inhibition of SF-1 VMH neurons.
A rare cause of chronic rectal bleeding in children; solitary rectal ulcer: case report.
ATF4 deficiency protects mice from high-carbohydrate-diet-induced liver steatosis.
Male cockroaches prefer a high carbohydrate diet that makes them more attractive to females: implications for the study of condition dependence.
Energy and macronutrient intake and dietary pattern among school children in Bahrain: a cross-sectional study.
The efficacy of Prosopis glandulosa as antidiabetic treatment in rat models of diabetes and insulin resistance.
Elevated levels of triglyceride and triglyceride-rich lipoprotein triglyceride induced by a high-carbohydrate diet is associated with polymorphisms of APOA5-1131T&gt;C and APOC3-482C&gt;T in Chinese healthy young adults.
Improved glucose-stimulated insulin secretion by intra-islet inhibition of protein-tyrosine phosphatase 1B expression in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Waist circumference predicts increased cardiometabolic risk in normal weight adolescent males.
Existing dietary guidelines for Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis.
Dietary fiber in the diets of urban Tunisian women: association of fiber intake with BMI, waist circumference and blood chemistry: preliminary study.
Effects of mother's dietary exposure to acesulfame-K in Pregnancy or lactation on the adult offspring's sweet preference.
Lifelong low-phylloquinone intake is associated with cognitive impairments in old rats.
Sex-dependent effects of high-fat-diet feeding on rat pancreas oxidative stress.
Effects of enzymatic action on the formation of theabrownin during solid state fermentation of Pu-erh tea.
[Effects of Ganoderma lucidum polysaccharides on advanced glycation end products and receptor of aorta pectoralis in T2DM rats].
Antidiabetic activity of γ-sitosterol isolated from Lippia nodiflora L. in streptozotocin induced diabetic rats.
Carbohydrates for training and competition.
Association between fasting plasma glucose and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein: gender differences in a Japanese community-dwelling population.
The GoodNEWS (Genes, Nutrition, Exercise, Wellness, and Spiritual Growth) Trial: a community-based participatory research (CBPR) trial with African-American church congregations for reducing cardiovascular disease risk factors--recruitment, measurement, and randomization.
Structural lesions and changing pattern of expression of genes encoding cardiac muscle proteins are associated with ventricular myocyte dysfunction in type 2 diabetic Goto-Kakizaki rats fed a high-fat diet.
Urocortin 3 transgenic mice exhibit a metabolically favourable phenotype resisting obesity and hyperglycaemia on a high-fat diet.
Cell apoptosis of taste buds in circumvallate papillae in diabetic rats.
Prameha in Ayurveda: correlation with obesity, metabolic syndrome, and diabetes mellitus. Part 2--management of Prameha.
Therapeutic effect of carboxymethylated and quanternized chitosan on insulin resistance in high-fat-diet-induced rats and 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
Survey on eating disorders related thoughts, behaviors and dietary intake in female junior high school students in Taiwan.
Trends in nutrient and dietary intake among adults and the elderly: from NAHSIT 1993-1996 to 2005-2008.
Dynamic modification of sphingomyelin in lipid microdomains controls development of obesity, fatty liver, and type 2 diabetes.
CrbpI modulates glucose homeostasis and pancreas 9-cis-retinoic acid concentrations.
Diet intervention and cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers in amnestic mild cognitive impairment.
Refeeding in anorexia nervosa: increased safety and efficiency through understanding the pathophysiology of protein calorie malnutrition.
Atorvastatin protects against ischemia-reperfusion injury in fructose-induced insulin resistant rats.
Supplementation of hydroxypropyl methylcellulose into yeast leavened all-whole grain barley bread potentiates cholesterol-lowering effect.
Olanzapine effects on body composition, food preference, glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity in the rat.
Diet, physical, and biochemical characteristics of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes: relationship between dietary fat and glucose control.
Health aspects, nutrition and physical characteristics in matched samples of institutionalized vegetarian and non-vegetarian elderly (&gt; 65yrs).
Effects of dietary β-glucan, mannan oligosaccharide and their combinations on growth performance, immunity and resistance against Vibrio splendidus of sea cucumber, Apostichopus japonicus.
Sex-dependent hepatic transcripts and metabolites in the development of glucose intolerance and insulin resistance in Zucker diabetic fatty rats.
A low carbohydrate, high protein diet slows tumor growth and prevents cancer initiation.
PWD/PhJ and WSB/EiJ mice are resistant to diet-induced obesity but have abnormal insulin secretion.
Stocking density affects the growth performance of broilers in a sex-dependent fashion.
Sodium alginate oligosaccharides from brown algae inhibit Salmonella Enteritidis colonization in broiler chickens.
Resveratrol increases glucose induced GLP-1 secretion in mice: a mechanism which contributes to the glycemic control.
Carnosic acid-rich rosemary (Rosmarinus officinalis L.) leaf extract limits weight gain and improves cholesterol levels and glycaemia in mice on a high-fat diet.
Antioxidant enzymes induced by repeated intake of excess energy in the form of high-fat, high-carbohydrate meals are not sufficient to block oxidative stress in healthy lean individuals.
Increased daily sodium intake is an independent dietary indicator of the metabolic syndrome in middle-aged subjects.
Screening for type 2 diabetes. Lessons from the ADDITION-Europe study.
HVEM-deficient mice fed a high-fat diet are protected from adipose tissue inflammation and glucose intolerance.
Nutritional regulation of bile acid metabolism is associated with improved pathological characteristics of the metabolic syndrome.
The effects of low and high glycemic index 24-h recovery diets on cycling time trial performance.
Role of skeletal muscle mitochondrial density on exercise-stimulated lipid oxidation.
Diet-induced elevations in serum cholesterol are associated with alterations in hippocampal lipid metabolism and increased oxidative stress.
The relation between dietary fructose, dietary fat and leptin responsiveness in rats.
β-Hydroxybutyrate is the preferred substrate for GABA and glutamate synthesis while glucose is indispensable during depolarization in cultured GABAergic neurons.
Diet high in oat β-glucan activates the gut-hypothalamic (PYY₃₋₃₆-NPY) axis and increases satiety in diet-induced obesity in mice.
The effect of the Spanish Ketogenic Mediterranean Diet on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: a pilot study.
Dietary cholesterol exacerbates hepatic steatosis and inflammation in obese LDL receptor-deficient mice.
Differential performance of a specialist and two generalist herbivores and their parasitoids on Plantago lanceolata.
The relevance of increased fat oxidation for body-weight management: metabolic inflexibility in the predisposition to weight gain.
Anti-obesity and anti-hyperglycemic effects of the dietary citrus limonoid nomilin in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Effects of dietary chitosan and Bacillus subtilis on the growth performance, non-specific immunity and disease resistance of cobia, Rachycentron canadum.
Safety and efficacy of high-dose acarbose treatment for dumping syndrome.
Prebiotic effects of wheat arabinoxylan related to the increase in bifidobacteria, Roseburia and Bacteroides/Prevotella in diet-induced obese mice.
[Life style interventions study on the effects of impaired glucose regulations in Shanghai urban communities].
Quick-release bromocriptine for treatment of type 2 diabetes.
Chemical genoprotection: reducing biological damage to as low as reasonably achievable levels.
Repeated application of low-frequency electroacupuncture improves high-fructose diet-induced insulin resistance in rats.
Survey on eating disorder-related thoughts, behaviors, and their relationship with food intake and nutritional status in female high school students in Taiwan.
Relationship between autonomic nervous system activity during sleep and fasting glucose in Japanese workers.
Jejunal induction of SI and SGLT1 genes in rats by high-starch/low-fat diet is associated with histone acetylation and binding of GCN5 on the genes.
Prediction of incident type 2 diabetes mellitus based on a twenty-year follow-up of the Ventimiglia heart study.
Over-stimulation of insulin/IGF-1 signaling by western diet may promote diseases of civilization: lessons learnt from laron syndrome.
An evaluation of the effect of altering nutrition and nutritional strategies in early lactation on reproductive performance and estrous behavior of high-yielding Holstein-Friesian dairy cows.
The use of a radiotelemetric ruminal bolus to detect body temperature changes in lactating dairy cattle.
Genetic strain and diet effects on grazing behavior, pasture intake, and milk production.
Intensive practical lifestyle intervention improves endothelial function in metabolic syndrome independent of weight loss: a randomized controlled trial.
A ketogenic diet suppresses seizures in mice through adenosine A₁ receptors.
Influence of dietary carbohydrate level on endocrine status and hepatic carbohydrate metabolism in the marine fish Sparus sarba.
Mixed dentition cavitated caries incidence and dietary intake frequencies.
DSS induced colitis increases portal LPS levels and enhances hepatic inflammation and fibrogenesis in experimental NASH.
National, regional, and global trends in fasting plasma glucose and diabetes prevalence since 1980: systematic analysis of health examination surveys and epidemiological studies with 370 country-years and 2·7 million participants.
Inverse association of vitamin C with cataract in older people in India.
Perfluoroalkyl sulfonates cause alkyl chain length-dependent hepatic steatosis and hypolipidemia mainly by impairing lipoprotein production in APOE*3-Leiden CETP mice.
Splash!: a prospective birth cohort study of the impact of environmental, social and family-level influences on child oral health and obesity related risk factors and outcomes.
Nutrient-enhanced diet reduces noise-induced damage to the inner ear and hearing loss.
Food commercials increase preference for energy-dense foods, particularly in children who watch more television.
Efficacy and safety of two analogs of L-carnitine on rats made insulin resistant by a high-fructose diet.
Carnitine supplementation modulates high dietary copper-induced oxidative toxicity and reduced performance in laying hens.
[General anesthesia with propofol for a pediatric patient on a ketogenic diet].
Type 2 diabetes: how do Thai Buddhist people with diabetes practise self-management?
Dietary supplementation with phytosterol and ascorbic acid reduces body mass accumulation and alters food transit time in a diet-induced obesity mouse model.
Intramyocellular lipid content and insulin sensitivity are increased following a short-term low-glycemic index diet and exercise intervention.
Impaired insulin sensitivity is accompanied by disturbances in skeletal muscle fatty acid handling in subjects with impaired glucose metabolism.
Serum prostate specific antigen changes in cynomolgus monkeys (Macaca fascicularis) on a high sugar high fat diet.
Triterpene saponins of Quillaja saponaria show strong aphicidal and deterrent activity against the pea aphid Acyrthosiphon pisum.
[Effect of different intensities of electroacupuncture on expression of monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 and TNF-alpha in adipose tissue in obesity rats].
Caries prevalence and its association with brushing habits, water availability, and the intake of sugared beverages.
Metabolic myopathy presenting with polyarteritis nodosa: a case report.
Effects of chewing gum on short-term appetite regulation in moderately restrained eaters.
Anti-diabetic activity and potential mechanism of total flavonoids of Selaginella tamariscina (Beauv.) Spring in rats induced by high fat diet and low dose STZ.
A high-sugar diet produces obesity and insulin resistance in wild-type Drosophila.
The individual and combined effects of glycemic index and protein on glycemic response, hunger, and energy intake.
Effects of a maternal diet supplemented with chocolate and fructose beverage during gestation and lactation on rat dams and their offspring.
α-Linolenic acid intake attenuates myocardial ischemia/reperfusion injury through anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidative stress effects in diabetic but not normal rats.
In adults with Prader-Willi syndrome, elevated ghrelin levels are more consistent with hyperphagia than high PYY and GLP-1 levels.
Renal accumulation of biglycan and lipid retention accelerates diabetic nephropathy.
Vascular dysfunction and impaired insulin signaling in high-fat diet fed ovariectomized mice.
Regulation of osteoarthritis by omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids in a naturally occurring model of disease.
Breath acetone concentration; biological variability and the influence of diet.
A phloem-sap feeder mixes phloem and xylem sap to regulate osmotic potential.
Analysis of infant isolates of Bifidobacterium breve by comparative genome hybridization indicates the existence of new subspecies with marked infant specificity.
Fruit and vegetable intakes in relation to plasma nutrient concentrations in women in Shanghai, China.
Glycemic index and glycemic load used in combination to characterize metabolic responses of mixed meals in healthy lean young adults.
High dietary glycemic index and low fiber content are associated with metabolic syndrome in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Chemical composition and nutritional value of unripe banana flour (Musa acuminata, var. Nanicão).
Utility of high fat and low carbohydrate diet in suppressing myocardial FDG uptake.
A high-fat diet reduces ceramide synthesis by decreasing adiponectin levels and decreases lipid content by modulating HMG-CoA reductase and CPT-1 mRNA expression in the skin.
LC-MS/MS quantification of sulforaphane and indole-3-carbinol metabolites in human plasma and urine after dietary intake of selenium-fortified broccoli.
Metformin opposes impaired AMPK and SIRT1 function and deleterious changes in core clock protein expression in white adipose tissue of genetically-obese db/db mice.
Effect of a low fat versus a low carbohydrate weight loss dietary intervention on biomarkers of long term survival in breast cancer patients ('CHOICE'): study protocol.
Mango modulates body fat and plasma glucose and lipids in mice fed a high-fat diet.
The effects of repeated ingestion of high and low glucose-electrolyte solutions on gastric emptying and blood 2H2O concentration after an overnight fast.
Chronic caffeine intake decreases circulating catecholamines and prevents diet-induced insulin resistance and hypertension in rats.
Enhanced insulin resistance in diet-induced obese rats exposed to fine particles by instillation.
Tigerinin-1R: a potent, non-toxic insulin-releasing peptide isolated from the skin of the Asian frog, Hoplobatrachus rugulosus.
Resistant starch and exercise independently attenuate weight regain on a high fat diet in a rat model of obesity.
Effect of the fat composition of a single high-fat meal on inflammatory markers in healthy young women.
A high dietary concentration of inulin is necessary to reduce the incidence of swine dysentery in pigs experimentally challenged with Brachyspira hyodysenteriae.
A high-amylopectin diet caused hepatic steatosis associated with more lipogenic enzymes and increased serum insulin concentration.
Grape seed extract supplementation prevents high-fructose diet-induced insulin resistance in rats by improving insulin and adiponectin signalling pathways.
Proline betaine and its biotransformation products in fasting urine samples are potential biomarkers of habitual citrus fruit consumption.
Development and validation of a quantitative food frequency questionnaire among rural- and urban-dwelling adults in Colombia.
Sucrose counteracts the anti-inflammatory effect of fish oil in adipose tissue and increases obesity development in mice.
Galantamine alleviates inflammation and other obesity-associated complications in high-fat diet-fed mice.
The influence of age on bioavailable and free testosterone is independent of body mass index and glucose levels.
Improving glucose metabolism with resveratrol in a swine model of metabolic syndrome through alteration of signaling pathways in the liver and skeletal muscle.
Protective effects of baicalin and quercetin on an iron-overloaded mouse: comparison of liver, kidney and heart tissues.
Deficiency in apolipoprotein E has a protective effect on diet-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in mice.
Effect of intensive blood glucose control on quality of life in elderly patients with type 2 diabetes in Anhui Province.
Association of serum uric acid with different levels of glucose and related factors.
HbA1c, fasting plasma glucose and the prediction of diabetes: Inter99, AusDiab and D.E.S.I.R.
Identifying static and kinetic lipid phenotypes by high resolution UPLC-MS: unraveling diet-induced changes in lipid homeostasis by coupling metabolomics and fluxomics.
Preoperative glucose and protein metabolism: the influence of diabetes mellitus type 2 in patients with colorectal tumors.
Antiobesity and lipid-lowering effects of Bifidobacterium spp. in high fat diet-induced obese rats.
Phosphatidylcholine protects against steatosis in mice but not non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Globularia alypum aqueous extract decreases hypertriglyceridemia and ameliorates oxidative status of the muscle, kidney, and heart in rats fed a high-fructose diet.
The role of diet in the prevention of type 2 diabetes.
Insulin receptor substrate 1 gene variation modifies insulin resistance response to weight-loss diets in a 2-year randomized trial: the Preventing Overweight Using Novel Dietary Strategies (POUNDS LOST) trial.
Time course of endothelial adaptation after acute and chronic exercise in patients with metabolic syndrome.
Environmental and gut bacteroidetes: the food connection.
Methoxy VO-salen stimulates pancreatic β cell survival by upregulation of eNOS and downregulation of apoptosis in STZ-induced diabetic rats.
Dietary wolfberry ameliorates retinal structure abnormalities in db/db mice at the early stage of diabetes.
Relationship between ultra-processed foods and metabolic syndrome in adolescents from a Brazilian Family Doctor Program.
PANORAMA: a European study to evaluate quality of life and treatment satisfaction in patients with type-2 diabetes mellitus--study design.
The effect of body mass index and fasting glucose on the relationship between blood pressure and incident diabetes mellitus: a 5-year follow-up study.
Frequency of the anti-glutamic acid decarboxylase immunological marker in patients with diabetes duration longer than three years in southern Brazil.
Reference values for fasting serum glucose levels in healthy Iranian adult subjects.
Dietary saturated fat/cholesterol, but not unsaturated fat or starch, induces C-reactive protein associated early atherosclerosis and ectopic fat deposition in diabetic pigs.
Chronologically scheduled snacking with high-protein products within the habitual diet in type-2 diabetes patients leads to a fat mass loss: a longitudinal study.
Dietary fat, fiber, and carbohydrate intake and endogenous hormone levels in premenopausal women.
Preventive effect of Ibrolipim on suppressing lipid accumulation and increasing lipoprotein lipase in the kidneys of diet-induced diabetic minipigs.
Pectin and high-amylose maize starch increase caecal hydrogen production and relieve hepatic ischaemia-reperfusion injury in rats.
Relation between glucose levels, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), body mass index (BMI) and serum and dietary retinol in elderly in population-based study.
The association between the ratio of triglyceride to HDL-C and insulin resistance according to waist circumference in a rural Korean population.
Apparent digestibility, nitrogen balance, and ruminal constituents in ram lambs fed high-concentrate diets containing soybean hulls.
Effects of xylitol on metabolic parameters and visceral fat accumulation.
High-dose green tea polyphenols induce nephrotoxicity in dextran sulfate sodium-induced colitis mice by down-regulation of antioxidant enzymes and heat-shock protein expressions.
Gluconeogenesis and protein-induced satiety.
Effect of dietary protein supplementation on blood pressure: a randomized, controlled trial.
Fasting, non-fasting glucose and HDL dysfunction in risk of pre-diabetes, diabetes, and coronary disease in non-diabetic adults.
Chemical composition and starch digestibility of different gluten-free breads.
Resequencing of IRS2 reveals rare variants for obesity but not fasting glucose homeostasis in Hispanic children.
A minor role for lipocalin 2 in high-fat diet-induced glucose intolerance.
Electrogastrography abnormalities appear early in children with diabetes type 1.
Obesity and energy balance: is the tail wagging the dog?
Anti-obesity and anti-diabetic effects of ethanol extract of Artemisia princeps in C57BL/6 mice fed a high-fat diet.
Involvement of skeletal muscle protein, glycogen, and fat metabolism in the adaptation on early lactation of dairy cows.
A Mediterranean-style low-glycemic-load diet increases plasma carotenoids and decreases LDL oxidation in women with metabolic syndrome.
Acute inflammation plays a limited role in the regulation of adipose tissue COL1A1 protein abundance.
Continuous intake of a high-fat diet beyond one generation promotes lipid accumulation in liver and white adipose tissue of female mice.
Pharmacologic inhibition of ghrelin receptor signaling is insulin sparing and promotes insulin sensitivity.
A high-fat, high-fructose diet accelerates nutrient absorption and impairs net hepatic glucose uptake in response to a mixed meal in partially pancreatectomized dogs.
A low glycemic index diet does not affect postprandial energy metabolism but decreases postprandial insulinemia and increases fullness ratings in healthy women.
Dietary insulin load, dietary insulin index, and risk of pancreatic cancer.
Effects of alkyl polyglycoside, a nonionic surfactant, and forage-to-concentrate ratio on rumen fermentation, amino acid composition of rumen content, bacteria and plasma in goats.
Compliance with the 2010 nutritional objectives for the Spanish population in the Balearic Islands' adolescents.
Acute effect of alginate-based preload on satiety feelings, energy intake, and gastric emptying rate in healthy subjects.
Effects of a moderate low-carbohydrate diet on preferential abdominal fat loss and cardiovascular risk factors in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Recent Perspectives on the Relations between Fecal Mutagenicity, Genotoxicity, and Diet.
High glucose diets shorten lifespan of Caenorhabditis elegans via ectopic apoptosis induction.
Wheat- and barley-based diets with or without additives influence broiler chicken performance, nutrient digestibility and intestinal microflora.
Inhibition of azoxymethane-induced preneoplastic lesions in the rat colon by a cooked stearic acid complexed high-amylose cornstarch.
[Sex hormone-binding globulin of gestational diabetes mellitus pregnant women with well-controlled glucose and pregnancy outcomes].
High fructose feeding induces copper deficiency in Sprague-Dawley rats: a novel mechanism for obesity related fatty liver.
Multidrug donor preconditioning protects steatotic liver grafts against ischemia-reperfusion injury.
Characteristics, complications and management of a large multiethnic cohort of younger adults with type 2 diabetes.
Castration-induced changes in mouse epididymal white adipose tissue.
The temporal impact of chronic intermittent psychosocial stress on high-fat diet-induced alterations in body weight.
Tumor necrosis factor-α converting enzyme inactivation ameliorates high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance and altered energy homeostasis.
Small rice bowl-based meal plan for energy and marcronutrient intake in korean men with type 2 diabetes: a pilot study.
Liraglutide prevents hypoadiponectinemia-induced insulin resistance and alterations of gene expression involved in glucose and lipid metabolism.
Effects of the percentage of concentrate on rumen fermentation, nutrient digestibility, plasma metabolites, and milk composition in mid-lactation goats.
Effects of bacterial lipopolysaccharide injection on white blood cell counts, hematological variables, and serum glucose, insulin, and cortisol concentrations in ewes fed low- or high-protein diets.
Effects of telmisartan on glucose levels in people at high risk for cardiovascular disease but free from diabetes: the TRANSCEND study.
Hemoglobin A1c, fasting glucose, and cardiovascular risk in a population with high prevalence of diabetes: the strong heart study.
High cardiorespiratory fitness is more beneficial in pre-diabetic men than women.
Effect of A-HRS on blood pressure and metabolic alterations in fructose-induced hypertensive rats.
Differential utilization of ketone bodies by neurons and glioma cell lines: a rationale for ketogenic diet as experimental glioma therapy.
Impact of maternal dietary n-3 and n-6 fatty acids on milk medium-chain fatty acids and the implications for neonatal liver metabolism.
Acute differential effects of milk-derived dietary proteins on postprandial lipaemia in obese non-diabetic subjects.
Apolipoprotein CIII overexpressing mice are predisposed to diet-induced hepatic steatosis and hepatic insulin resistance.
Nutrition for power sports: middle-distance running, track cycling, rowing, canoeing/kayaking, and swimming.
Substituting white rice with brown rice for 16 weeks does not substantially affect metabolic risk factors in middle-aged Chinese men and women with diabetes or a high risk for diabetes.
Substrate oxidation influences liking, wanting, macronutrient selection, and consumption of food in humans.
Administration of rosmarinic acid reduces cardiopathology and blood pressure through inhibition of p22phox NADPH oxidase in fructose-fed hypertensive rats.
Effect of nutritional intervention on the prevalence of metabolic syndrome and heart disease risk factors in urban Tehran (Tehran lipid and glucose study).
Lifestyle recommendations to reduce the risk of kidney stones.
Intermittent hypoxia exacerbates metabolic effects of diet-induced obesity.
Common genetic variants and central adiposity among Asian-Indians.
Increased recruitment but impaired function of leukocytes during inflammation in mouse models of type 1 and type 2 diabetes.
Konjac glucomannan and inulin systematically modulate antioxidant defense in rats fed a high-fat fiber-free diet.
Chronic stress, but not hypercaloric diet, impairs vascular function in rats.
Quality of care of patients with type-2 diabetes in Galicia (NW Spain) [OBTEDIGA project].
Lipid metabolism of orchiectomised rats was affected by fructose ingestion and the amount of ingested fructose.
The impact of dietary changes and dietary supplements on lipid profile.
Flaxseed dietary fibers suppress postprandial lipemia and appetite sensation in young men.
Effects of dairy products on crohn's disease symptoms are influenced by fat content and disease location but not lactose content or disease activity status in a New Zealand population.
Des-aspartate-angiotensin-I and angiotensin IV improve glucose tolerance and insulin signalling in diet-induced hyperglycaemic mice.
[Heritability of the risk factors characteristic for the metabolic syndrome: a twin study].
Targeted deletion of one or two copies of the G protein β subunit Gβ5 gene has distinct effects on body weight and behavior in mice.
Tai chi for management of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.
The sweet taste of true synergy: positive allosteric modulation of the human sweet taste receptor.
Gut microbiota, intestinal permeability, obesity-induced inflammation, and liver injury.
Effect of 6 weeks' consumption of β-glucan-rich oat products on cholesterol levels in mildly hypercholesterolaemic overweight adults.
Metformin abolishes increased tumor (18)F-2-fluoro-2-deoxy-D-glucose uptake associated with a high energy diet.
In vitro culture conditions for maintaining a complex population of human gastrointestinal tract microbiota.
A preliminary report on the feeding of cynomolgus monkeys (Macaca fascicularis) with a high-sugar high-fat diet for 33 weeks.
A higher ratio of beans to white rice is associated with lower cardiometabolic risk factors in Costa Rican adults.
Supplementation of bitter melon to rats fed a high-fructose diet during gestation and lactation ameliorates fructose-induced dyslipidemia and hepatic oxidative stress in male offspring.
The association of a high drive for thinness with energy deficiency and severe menstrual disturbances: confirmation in a large population of exercising women.
Effects of exercise intensity and altered substrate availability on cardiovascular and metabolic responses to exercise after oral carnitine supplementation in athletes.
Hypoxia-inducible factor directs POMC gene to mediate hypothalamic glucose sensing and energy balance regulation.
The activation of hepatic and muscle polyamine catabolism improves glucose homeostasis.
Effect of treatment of high fat fed/low dose streptozotocin-diabetic rats with Ilepatril on vascular and neural complications.
Effect of short-term low- and high-fat diets on low-density lipoprotein particle size in normolipidemic subjects.
Limited overlap between intermediate hyperglycemia as defined by A1C 5.7-6.4%, impaired fasting glucose, and impaired glucose tolerance.
Altered lipid metabolism in Hfe-knockout mice promotes severe NAFLD and early fibrosis.
CD40L deficiency ameliorates adipose tissue inflammation and metabolic manifestations of obesity in mice.
Comparing effects of a low-energy diet and a high-protein low-fat diet on sexual and endothelial function, urinary tract symptoms, and inflammation in obese diabetic men.
Dietary intervention induces flow of changes within biomarkers of lipids, inflammation, liver enzymes, and glycemic control.
Effects of dietary protein and fat contents on renal function and inflammatory cytokines in rats with adriamycin-induced nephrotic syndrome.
Diet-induced bacterial immunogens in the gastrointestinal tract of dairy cows: impacts on immunity and metabolism.
An essential role for monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 in alcoholic liver injury: regulation of proinflammatory cytokines and hepatic steatosis in mice.
[Effects of the LIPE C-60G polymorphism on changes of plasma lipids and glucose induced by a high-carbohydrate diet in healthy youth].
[Effects of oxidative stress on MuRF1 expression in skeletal muscle of diabetic rats].
Demographic, socioeconomic and nutritional determinants of daily versus non-daily sugar-sweetened and artificially sweetened beverage consumption.
Paradoxical regulation of human FGF21 by both fasting and feeding signals: is FGF21 a nutritional adaptation factor?
Treatment of colitis with a commensal gut bacterium engineered to secrete human TGF-β1 under the control of dietary xylan 1.
Dietary restriction of mice on a high-fat diet induces substrate efficiency and improves metabolic health.
Sport-specific nutrition: practical strategies for team sports.
Sympathetic nervous dysregulation in the absence of systolic left ventricular dysfunction in a rat model of insulin resistance with hyperglycemia.
Inadequacy of fasting plasma glucose to diagnose gestational diabetes mellitus in Asian Indian women.
Resistant starch, large bowel fermentation and a broader perspective of prebiotics and probiotics.
Impaired glucose tolerance in the absence of adenosine A1 receptor signaling.
Influence of the hepatic eukaryotic initiation factor 2alpha (eIF2alpha) endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress response pathway on insulin-mediated ER stress and hepatic and peripheral glucose metabolism.
Low-carbohydrate diets, dietary approaches to stop hypertension-style diets, and the risk of postmenopausal breast cancer.
Seasonal effects on bioactive compounds and antioxidant capacity of six economically important brassica vegetables.
The association of hs-CRP with fasting and postprandial plasma lipids in patients with type 2 diabetes is disrupted by dietary monounsaturated fatty acids.
Oestrogen alters adipocyte biology and protects female mice from adipocyte inflammation and insulin resistance.
School meals in French secondary state schools: Do national recommendations lead to healthier nutrition on offer?
Pioglitazone-induced body weight gain is prevented by combined administration with the lipoprotein lipase activator NO-1886.
The effects of hypercaloric diets on glucose homeostasis in the rat: influence of saturated and monounsaturated dietary lipids.
Changes of blood biochemistry in the rabbit animal model in atherosclerosis research; a time- or stress-effect.
Early prediction of new-onset diabetes mellitus by fifth-day fasting plasma glucose, pulse pressure, and proteinuria.
A low-fat high-carbohydrate diet supplemented with long-chain n-3 PUFA reduces the risk of the metabolic syndrome.
Treatment with a constitutive androstane receptor ligand ameliorates the signs of preeclampsia in high-fat diet-induced obese pregnant mice.
Linoleic acid increases monocyte chemotaxis and adhesion to human aortic endothelial cells through protein kinase C- and cyclooxygenase-2-dependent mechanisms.
Trigonella foenum graecum seed extract protects kidney function and morphology in diabetic rats via its antioxidant activity.
L-tryptophan-mediated enhancement of susceptibility to nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is dependent on the mammalian target of rapamycin.
Deficit of tRNA(Lys) modification by Cdkal1 causes the development of type 2 diabetes in mice.
Pathway to diabetes through attenuation of pancreatic beta cell glycosylation and glucose transport.
Exploring pathway interactions in insulin resistant mouse liver.
Solidago chilensis Meyen hydroalcoholic extract reduces JNK/IκB pathway activation and ameliorates insulin resistance in diet-induced obesity mice.
Reducing plasma membrane sphingomyelin increases insulin sensitivity.
Taste preferences in association with dietary habits and weight status in European children: results from the IDEFICS study.
Sida rhomboidea. Roxb leaf extract down-regulates expression of PPARγ2 and leptin genes in high fat diet fed C57BL/6J Mice and retards in vitro 3T3L1 pre-adipocyte differentiation.
Patented techniques for acrylamide mitigation in high-temperature processed foods.
Metabolic programming in the immediate postnatal life.
Platyconic acid, a saponin from Platycodi radix, improves glucose homeostasis by enhancing insulin sensitivity in vitro and in vivo.
A perinatal palatable high-fat diet increases food intake and promotes hypercholesterolemia in adult rats.
'Liking' and 'wanting' of sweet and oily food stimuli as affected by high-fat diet-induced obesity, weight loss, leptin, and genetic predisposition.
Synthesis of a new [6]-gingerol analogue and its protective effect with respect to the development of metabolic syndrome in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Lipotoxicity and cardiac dysfunction in mammals and Drosophila.
The protective effect of supplemental calcium on colonic permeability depends on a calcium phosphate-induced increase in luminal buffering capacity.
Atherosclerosis induced by arsenic in drinking water in rats through altering lipid metabolism.
Dietary apigenin regulates high glucose and hypoxic reoxygenation-induced reductions in apelin expression in human endothelial cells.
GLUT2 accumulation in enterocyte apical and intracellular membranes: a study in morbidly obese human subjects and ob/ob and high fat-fed mice.
Development of novel rat model for high-fat and high-cholesterol diet-induced steatohepatitis and severe fibrosis progression in SHRSP5/Dmcr.
[Assessment of dietary habits in hemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis patients].
Safety, pharmacokinetic, and pharmacodynamic profiles of ipragliflozin (ASP1941), a novel and selective inhibitor of sodium-dependent glucose co-transporter 2, in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Glucose transporters and enzymes related to glucose synthesis in small intestinal mucosa of mid-lactation dairy cows fed 2 levels of starch.
Long-term monitoring of the ketogenic diet: Do's and Don'ts.
Aspartame-fed zebrafish exhibit acute deaths with swimming defects and saccharin-fed zebrafish have elevation of cholesteryl ester transfer protein activity in hypercholesterolemia.
Fatty acid oxidation and epilepsy.
Chitosan oligosaccharide decreases very-low-density lipoprotein triglyceride and increases high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in high-fat-diet-fed rats.
Successful treatment of severe cardiomyopathy in glycogen storage disease type III With D,L-3-hydroxybutyrate, ketogenic and high-protein diet.
HbA1c of 6.5% to diagnose diabetes mellitus -- does it work for us? -- the Bellville South Africa study.
Dietary cholesterol reduces plasma triacylglycerol in apolipoprotein E-null mice: suppression of lipin-1 and -2 in the glycerol-3-phosphate pathway.
Effects of non-surgical periodontal treatment on clinical response, serum inflammatory parameters, and metabolic control in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomized study.
Veganism does not reduce the risk of the metabolic syndrome in a Taiwanese cohort.
Effectiveness of a worksite wellness program on health behaviors and personal health.
[Oxidative stress and the susceptibility to obesity in rats].
Effect of feeding grape pomace on selected metabolic parameters associated with high fructose feeding in growing Sprague-Dawley rats.
Blueberry intake alters skeletal muscle and adipose tissue peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor activity and reduces insulin resistance in obese rats.
Overexpression of KLF15 transcription factor in adipocytes of mice results in down-regulation of SCD1 protein expression in adipocytes and consequent enhancement of glucose-induced insulin secretion.
Polyphenol-rich strawberry pomace reduces serum and liver lipids and alters gastrointestinal metabolite formation in fructose-fed rats.
Parkin is a lipid-responsive regulator of fat uptake in mice and mutant human cells.
EMD638683, a novel SGK inhibitor with antihypertensive potency.
The effects of low calorie diet with soy protein on cardiovascular risk factors in hyperlipidemic patients.
The association between obstructive sleep apnea and dietary choices among obese individuals during middle to late childhood.
Aerobic exercise training increases circulating insulin-like growth factor binding protein-1 concentration, but does not attenuate the reduction in circulating insulin-like growth factor binding protein-1 after a high-fat meal.
Modulation of cytokines, resistin, and distribution of adipose tissue in C57BL/6 mice by different high-fat diets.
Combination of TS-021 with metformin improves hyperglycemia and synergistically increases pancreatic β-cell mass in a mouse model of type 2 diabetes.
Obesity-associated hepatosteatosis and impairment of glucose homeostasis are attenuated by haptoglobin deficiency.
Nutritional improvement of metabolic syndrome parameters in immature fructose-fed wild-type mice.
Influence of extra virgin olive oil diet enriched with hydroxytyrosol in a chronic DSS colitis model.
Synthesis of carboxymethylated and quaternized chitosans and their therapeutic effect on nonalcoholic Fatty liver disease.
Effect of the level and type of starchy concentrate on tissue lipid metabolism, gene expression and milk fatty acid secretion in Alpine goats receiving a diet rich in sunflower-seed oil.
The association between body shape silhouette and dietary pattern among Mexican women.
Synthetic LXR agonist inhibits the development of atherosclerosis in New Zealand White rabbits.
Nutrition and physical activity in NAFLD: an overview of the epidemiological evidence.
The effect of a dietary carbohydrase enzyme system on blood glucose levels when combined with foods of varying glycemic index in male Sprague-Dawley rats.
Nutritional analysis of gastric contents and body condition score at a single time point in feral horses in Australia.
The Western-style diet: a major risk factor for impaired kidney function and chronic kidney disease.
Nutrition delivery for obese ICU patients: delivery issues, lack of guidelines, and missed opportunities.
Evaluation and management of chronic pulmonary thromboembolic disease.
Adipose zinc-α2-glycoprotein is a catabolic marker in cancer and noncancerous states.
Intramuscular injection of soluble receptor for advanced glycation endproducts expression vector prevents the development of streptozotocin-induced diabetes mellitus in rats on high fat diet.
Fructose-fed rhesus monkeys: a nonhuman primate model of insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, and type 2 diabetes.
Is the restricted ketogenic diet a viable alternative to the standard of care for managing malignant brain cancer?
Linking long-term dietary patterns with gut microbial enterotypes.
E4orf1: a novel ligand that improves glucose disposal in cell culture.
Effect of weight loss on adipokine levels in obese patients.
Protective effects of vitamin E and selenium against dimethoate-induced cardiotoxicity in vivo: biochemical and histological studies.
Lower fasting plasma glucose criteria and high triglycerides are effective for screening diabetes mellitus in the rural Japanese population: the Tottori-Kofu Study.
High fat diet induces central obesity, insulin resistance and microvascular dysfunction in hamsters.
Roux-en-Y gastric bypass improves hepatic mitochondrial function in obese rats.
Glycemic acute changes in type 2 diabetics caused by low and high glycemic index diets.
Lipid profile and cardiovascular risk factors among first-year Brazilian university students in São Paulo.
Diet-induced obesity blunts the behavioural effects of ghrelin: studies in a mouse-progressive ratio task.
Response of dietary substitution of fishmeal with various protein sources on growth, body composition and blood chemistry of olive flounder (Paralichthys olivaceus, Temminck &amp; Schlegel, 1846).
Maternal omega-3 fatty acid supplementation protects against lipopolysaccharide-induced white matter injury in the neonatal rat brain.
Regular exercise prevents high-sucrose diet-induced fatty liver via improvement of hepatic lipid metabolism.
Differential effects of chow and purified diet on the consumption of sucrose solution and lard and the development of obesity.
Induction of fatty acid oxidation resists weight gain, ameliorates hepatic steatosis and reduces cardiometabolic risk factors.
Mediterranean diet reduces senescence-associated stress in endothelial cells.
Effects of cationic hydroxyethyl cellulose on glucose metabolism and obesity in a diet-induced obesity mouse model.
Diacerhein improves glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity in mice on a high-fat diet.
Randomized placebo-controlled trial of guava juice as a source of ascorbic acid to reduce iron deficiency in Tarahumara indigenous schoolchildren of northern Mexico.
The effects of adding group-based lifestyle counselling to individual counselling on changes in plasma glucose levels in a randomized controlled trial: the Inter99 study.
A randomized controlled trial investigating the effects of a low-glycemic index diet on pregnancy outcomes in gestational diabetes mellitus.
Whole grain products, fish and bilberries alter glucose and lipid metabolism in a randomized, controlled trial: the Sysdimet study.
Bifidobacterium longum with fructo-oligosaccharides in patients with non alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Effects of diet on high-density lipoprotein cholesterol.
Emergence of ageing-related changes in insulin secretion by pancreatic islets of male rat offspring of mothers fed a low-protein diet.
Effects of dietary amino acids and repeated handling on stress response and brain monoaminergic neurotransmitters in Senegalese sole (Solea senegalensis) juveniles.
Protein:carbohydrate ratios explain life span patterns found in Queensland fruit fly on diets varying in yeast:sugar ratios.
Incidence of pancreatitis, secondary causes, and treatment of patients referred to a specialty lipid clinic with severe hypertriglyceridemia: a retrospective cohort study.
Hypolipidemic effect of Smallanthus sonchifolius (yacon) roots on diabetic rats: biochemical approach.
Adult-onset multiple acyl CoA dehydrogenation deficiency associated with an abnormal isoenzyme pattern of serum lactate dehydrogenase.
Group 1B phospholipase A₂ deficiency protects against diet-induced hyperlipidemia in mice.
The characteristics of food intake in patients with type II citrullinemia.
Acne vulgaris in children and adolescents.
Large-scale genome-wide association studies in East Asians identify new genetic loci influencing metabolic traits.
Oxidation of hepatic carnitine palmitoyl transferase-I (CPT-I) impairs fatty acid beta-oxidation in rats fed a methionine-choline deficient diet.
Long-term effects of a protein-enriched diet on blood pressure in older women.
High fat diet induced insulin resistance and glucose intolerance are gender-specific in IGF-1R heterozygous mice.
Inflammation is necessary for long-term but not short-term high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance.
High prevalence of microvascular complications in adults with type 1 diabetes and newly diagnosed celiac disease.
Effects of monounsaturated fatty acids on glycaemic control in patients with abnormal glucose metabolism: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Dietary Carbohydrate Modifies the Inverse Association Between Saturated Fat Intake and Cholesterol on Very Low-Density Lipoproteins.
Protein and coronary heart disease: the role of different protein sources.
Bifidobacterium adolescentis supplementation ameliorates visceral fat accumulation and insulin sensitivity in an experimental model of the metabolic syndrome.
Interaction of soyasaponins with plant ingredients in diets for Atlantic salmon, Salmo salar L.
Mitochondrial T3 receptor p43 regulates insulin secretion and glucose homeostasis.
Dietary patterns, insulin sensitivity and inflammation in older adults.
Arterial function of carotid and brachial arteries in postmenopausal vegetarians.
A stratified transcriptomics analysis of polygenic fat and lean mouse adipose tissues identifies novel candidate obesity genes.
Effects and action mechanisms of berberine and Rhizoma coptidis on gut microbes and obesity in high-fat diet-fed C57BL/6J mice.
Effect of prolonged exercise and pre-exercise dietary manipulation on hepatic triglycerides in trained men.
The association of acne vulgaris with diet.
Glycaemic index of three Indian rice varieties.
Nutrition for endurance sports: marathon, triathlon, and road cycling.
Glyceollin-containing fermented soybeans improve glucose homeostasis in diabetic mice.
High-sucrose diet increases ROS generation, FFA accumulation, UCP2 level, and proton leak in liver mitochondria.
Maternal diet, C-reactive protein, and the outcome of pregnancy.
Dietary intake and supplement use of vitamins C and E and upper respiratory tract infection.
Plasma caffeic acid is associated with statistical clustering of the anticolitic efficacy of caffeic acid in dextran sulfate sodium-treated mice.
n-3 PUFA prevent metabolic disturbances associated with obesity and improve endothelial function in golden Syrian hamsters fed with a high-fat diet.
Features of the metabolic syndrome in the Berlin Fat Mouse as a model for human obesity.
Vascular hyporeactivity to angiotensin II and noradrenaline in a rabbit model of obesity.
Panax notoginseng saponins inhibit Zymosan A induced atherosclerosis by suppressing integrin expression, FAK activation and NF-κB translocation.
Dietary manipulations to improve embryonic survival in cattle.
Few favorable associations between fruit and vegetable intake and biomarkers for chronic disease risk in American adults.
Activation of Akt kinase accompanies increased cardiac resistance to ischemia/reperfusion in rats after short-term feeding with lard-based high-fat diet and increased sucrose intake.
Wild blueberry (V. angustifolium)-enriched diets alter aortic glycosaminoglycan profile in the spontaneously hypertensive rat.
Anti-obesity effects of the methanolic extract and chakasaponins from the flower buds of Camellia sinensis in mice.
Circulating glucose levels modulate neural control of desire for high-calorie foods in humans.
Metabolic detoxification of capsaicin by UDP-glycosyltransferase in three Helicoverpa species.
Testosterone replacement therapy in obese males.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-α agonist, Wy 14,643, improves metabolic indices, steatosis and ballooning in diabetic mice with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Consumption of dietary salt measured by urinary sodium excretion and its association with body weight status in healthy children and adolescents.
Influence of fasting, insulin and glucose on ghrelin in the dorsal vagal complex in rats.
Clodronate liposomes improve metabolic profile and reduce visceral adipose macrophage content in diet-induced obese mice.
A prospective clinical pilot-trial comparing the effect of an optimized mixed diet versus a flexible low-glycemic index diet on nutrient intake and HbA(1c) levels in children with type 1 diabetes.
Effects of green tea polyphenol (-)-epigallocatechin-3-gallate on newly developed high-fat/Western-style diet-induced obesity and metabolic syndrome in mice.
Involvement of progranulin in hypothalamic glucose sensing and feeding regulation.
Responses of gut microbiota and glucose and lipid metabolism to prebiotics in genetic obese and diet-induced leptin-resistant mice.
TRB3 gene silencing alleviates diabetic cardiomyopathy in a type 2 diabetic rat model.
Longitudinal factor analysis reveals a distinct clustering of cardiometabolic improvements during intensive, short-term dietary and exercise intervention in obese children and adolescents.
Pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties of the glucokinase activator MK-0941 in rodent models of type 2 diabetes and healthy dogs.
The immunologic outcome of enhanced function of mouse liver lymphocytes and Kupffer cells by high-fat and high-cholesterol diet.
Evaluation of anti-diabetic potential of chromium(III) propionate complex in high-fat diet fed and STZ injected rats.
[Validation of the FINDRISC (FINnish Diabetes RIsk SCore) for prediction of the risk of type 2 diabetes in a population of southern Spain. Pizarra Study].
Effect of macronutrients, age, and obesity on 6- and 24-h postprandial glucose metabolism in cats.
Butyrate esterified to starch is released in the human gastrointestinal tract.
Inhibition of Id1 augments insulin secretion and protects against high-fat diet-induced glucose intolerance.
[Clinical value of insulin resistance in fasting normoglycemia].
High beverage sugar as well as high animal protein intake at infancy may increase overweight risk at 8 years: a prospective longitudinal pilot study.
Prevalence and risk factors of diabetes and impaired fasting glucose in Nauru.
Low carbohydrate ketogenic diet prevents the induction of diabetes using streptozotocin in rats.
A Mediterranean-style, low-glycemic-load diet decreases atherogenic lipoproteins and reduces lipoprotein (a) and oxidized low-density lipoprotein in women with metabolic syndrome.
Comparison of A1C, fasting and 2-h post-load plasma glucose criteria to diagnose diabetes in Italian Caucasians.
ANTHOCYANIN1 from Solanum chilense is more efficient in accumulating anthocyanin metabolites than its Solanum lycopersicum counterpart in association with the ANTHOCYANIN FRUIT phenotype of tomato.
Prognostic value of haemoglobin A1c and fasting plasma glucose for incident diabetes and implications for screening.
Metagenomic analysis of Surti buffalo (Bubalus bubalis) rumen: a preliminary study.
A hypertriglyceridemic state increases high sensitivity C-reactive protein of Japanese men with normal glucose tolerance.
Activation of liver X receptors attenuates endotoxin-induced liver injury in mice with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
The metabolic syndrome, biomarkers, and the acculturation-health relationship among older Mexican Americans.
P-glycoprotein dysfunction contributes to hepatic steatosis and obesity in mice.
Physical activity for obese individuals: a systematic review of effects on chronic disease risk factors.
Comparison of particle-exposure triggered pulmonary and systemic inflammation in mice fed with three different diets.
High-level dietary fibre up-regulates colonic fermentation and relative abundance of saccharolytic bacteria within the human faecal microbiota in vitro.
Enhancement of soluble dietary fibre, polyphenols and antioxidant properties of chapatis prepared from whole wheat flour dough treated with amylases and xylanase.
Changes in dietary habits and their association with metabolic markers after a non-intensive, community-based lifestyle intervention to prevent type 2 diabetes, in Greece. The DEPLAN study.
Changes in triacylglycerol-accumulated fiber type, fiber type composition, and biogenesis in the mitochondria of the soleus muscle in obese rats.
Experimental evidence for therapeutic potential of taurine in the treatment of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
GLP-1 analogs reduce hepatocyte steatosis and improve survival by enhancing the unfolded protein response and promoting macroautophagy.
Early lesion formation in colorectal carcinogenesis is associated with adiponectin status whereas neoplastic lesions are associated with diet and sex in C57BL/6J mice.
Low-dose dietary resveratrol has differential effects on colorectal tumorigenesis in adiponectin knockout and wild-type mice.
Renal and glycemic effects of high-dose chromium picolinate in db/db mice: assessment of DNA damage.
Effect of zinc on early graft failure following intraportal islet transplantation in rat recipients.
The Lin28/let-7 axis regulates glucose metabolism.
Carrier frequency of a common mutation of carnitine palmitoyltransferase 1A deficiency and long-term follow-up in Finland.
Colonocyte telomere shortening is greater with dietary red meat than white meat and is attenuated by resistant starch.
Antihyperglycemic activity and antidiabetic effect of methyl caffeate isolated from Solanum torvum Swartz. fruit in streptozotocin induced diabetic rats.
Hypolipidemic and anti-inflammatory properties of Abacopterin A from Abacopteris penangiana in high-fat diet-induced hyperlipidemia mice.
Are we meeting cardiovascular risk targets 3 years after acute coronary syndrome? An evaluation in West Auckland, New Zealand.
TNF-related apoptosis-inducing ligand (TRAIL) protects against diabetes and atherosclerosis in Apoe ⁻/⁻ mice.
Chronic consumption of farmed salmon containing persistent organic pollutants causes insulin resistance and obesity in mice.
Nutrient patterns and risk of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma: a case-control study.
Sodium alginate oligosaccharides attenuate hypertension and associated kidney damage in Dahl salt-sensitive rats fed a high-salt diet.
Lipid metabolism and body composition in Gclm(-/-) mice.
A 90-day toxicology study of high-amylose transgenic rice grain in Sprague-Dawley rats.
Dietary lipids modulate methylmercury toxicity in Atlantic salmon.
Insulin sensitivity in response to a single resistance exercise session in apparently healthy individuals.
Risk factors associated with high glycated hemoglobin levels (≥5.7%) in Korean adults with normal fasting glucose.
Effect of breakfast glycemic index on metabolic responses during rest and exercise in overweight and non-overweight adolescent girls.
Carbohydrate content of post-operative diet influences the effect of vertical sleeve gastrectomy on body weight reduction in obese rats.
Ginsenoside Re lowers blood glucose and lipid levels via activation of AMP-activated protein kinase in HepG2 cells and high-fat diet fed mice.
Decursin, an active compound isolated from Angelica gigas, inhibits fat accumulation, reduces adipocytokine secretion and improves glucose tolerance in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Salvianolic acid A protects against vascular endothelial dysfunction in high-fat diet fed and streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Metabolic dysfunction associated with adiponectin deficiency enhances kainic acid-induced seizure severity.
Effects of a single post-partum injection of a high dose of vitamin D on glucose tolerance and insulin resistance in mothers with first-time gestational diabetes mellitus.
New look at nutritional care for obese patient candidates for bariatric surgery.
Diet-induced obesity associated with steatosis, oxidative stress, and inflammation in liver.
Does a lower carbohydrate protein substitute impact on blood phenylalanine control, growth and appetite in children with PKU?
Tumor necrosis factor α-converting enzyme inhibition reverses hepatic steatosis and improves insulin sensitivity markers and surgical outcome in mice.
[Assessment of dietary habits in students of the Medical University of Bialystok with differentiated nutritional status].
Recurrent spontaneous hypoglycaemia causes loss of neurogenic and neuroglycopaenic signs in infants with congenital hyperinsulinism.
Nicotinamide mononucleotide, a key NAD(+) intermediate, treats the pathophysiology of diet- and age-induced diabetes in mice.
Dietary manipulations influence sucrose acceptance in diet induced obese mice.
Effects of meal frequency and snacking on food demand in mice.
Determinants and nutritional implications associated with low-fat food consumption.
Suppression of retinol-binding protein 4 with RNA oligonucleotide prevents high-fat diet-induced metabolic syndrome and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mice.
High cortisol levels are associated with low quality food choice in type 2 diabetes.
Duodenal PKC-δ and cholecystokinin signaling axis regulates glucose production.
Modulation of glycogen and breast meat processing ability by nutrition in chickens: effect of crude protein level in 2 chicken genotypes.
Glycemic index of starch affects nitrogen retention in grower pigs.
Interleukin-17 exacerbates hepatic steatosis and inflammation in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Refractory epilepsy and the ketogenic diet: pathophysiological aspects and possible implications in dental practice.
Predictors of taste acuity in healthy older Europeans.
Effect of Ramadan fasting on glycemic control in patients with Type 2 diabetes.
Cannabinoid receptor 1 (CB1) antagonism enhances glucose utilisation and activates brown adipose tissue in diet-induced obese mice.
Adverse effects of hyperlipidemia on bone regeneration and strength.
Enhancement of carcinogenesis and fatty infiltration in the pancreas in N-nitrosobis(2-oxopropyl)amine-treated hamsters by high-fat diet.
Ω3-Polyunsaturated fatty acids prevent lipoperoxidation, modulate antioxidant enzymes, and reduce lipid content but do not alter glycogen metabolism in the livers of diabetic rats fed on a high fat thermolyzed diet.
Antiobesity effect of Tamarindus indica L. pulp aqueous extract in high-fat diet-induced obese rats.
Role of medium- and short-chain L-3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase in the regulation of body weight and thermogenesis.
Elevated GH/IGF-I, due to somatotrope-specific loss of both IGF-I and insulin receptors, alters glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity in a diet-dependent manner.
Effect of ketogenic Mediterranean diet with phytoextracts and low carbohydrates/high-protein meals on weight, cardiovascular risk factors, body composition and diet compliance in Italian council employees.
Improving interMediAte risk management. MARK study.
Vitamin D deficiency in obese rats exacerbates nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and increases hepatic resistin and Toll-like receptor activation.
MicroRNA-137/181c regulates serine palmitoyltransferase and in turn amyloid β, novel targets in sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
Physiological properties of beetroot crisps applied in standard and dyslipidaemic diets of rats.
Comparison of the effects of simvastatin vs. rosuvastatin vs. simvastatin/ezetimibe on parameters of insulin resistance.
D-Lactic acidosis 25 years after bariatric surgery due to Salmonella enteritidis.
Correlation between HDL cholesterol levels and beta-cell function in subjects with various degree of glucose tolerance.
WldS enhances insulin transcription and secretion via a SIRT1-dependent pathway and improves glucose homeostasis.
Is fast food addictive?
Pioglitazone modulates vascular inflammation in atherosclerotic rabbits noninvasive assessment with FDG-PET-CT and dynamic contrast-enhanced MR imaging.
Nutrition for sports performance: issues and opportunities.
Elevated hypothalamic TCPTP in obesity contributes to cellular leptin resistance.
Weight gain and risk of impaired fasting glucose after smoking cessation.
Fries or a fruit bag? Investigating the nutritional composition of fast food children's meals.
Differential regulation of the ascorbic acid transporter SVCT2 during development and in response to ascorbic acid depletion.
Re-patterning of skeletal muscle energy metabolism by fat storage-inducing transmembrane protein 2.
Dietary patterns and smoking in Northern Irish men: a population at high risk of coronary heart disease.
Dietary nutrient composition affects digestible energy utilisation for growth: a study on Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) and a literature comparison across fish species.
Vitamin D3 supplementation improves insulin sensitivity in subjects with impaired fasting glucose.
Postprandial glucose and insulin profiles following a glucose-loaded meal in cats and dogs.
The effect of dietary starch level on postprandial glucose and insulin concentrations in cats and dogs.
Effect of short-chain fructooligosaccharide-enriched energy-restricted diet on weight loss and serum haptoglobin concentration in Beagle dogs.
Lipid profile and insulin sensitivity in rats fed with high-fat or high-fructose diets.
Influence of different levels and sources of resistant starch on faecal quality of dogs of various body sizes.
Effects of two commercially available feline diets on glucose and insulin concentrations, insulin sensitivity and energetic efficiency of weight gain.
Systemic SIRT1 insufficiency results in disruption of energy homeostasis and steroid hormone metabolism upon high-fat-diet feeding.
Evidence of cellulose metabolism by the giant panda gut microbiome.
The effect of vegetarian diet on selected essential nutrients in children.
Serum concentration of adipocytokines in prepubertal vegetarian and omnivorous children.
Long-term dipeptidyl-peptidase 4 inhibition reduces atherosclerosis and inflammation via effects on monocyte recruitment and chemotaxis.
Pharmacological inhibition of soluble epoxide hydrolase ameliorates diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rats.
[Protective effect of pre-storing glycogen on warm ischemia reperfusion injury in rat liver].
Melittin inhibits atherosclerosis in LPS/high-fat treated mice through atheroprotective actions.
Consumption of energy-dense diets in relation to cardiometabolic abnormalities among Iranian women.
Poor antioxidant status exacerbates oxidative stress and inflammatory response to Pseudomonas aeruginosa lung infection in guinea pigs.
Role of substance P in the regulation of glucose metabolism via insulin signaling-associated pathways.
Effects of age, vitamin D3, and fructooligosaccharides on bone growth and skeletal integrity of broiler chicks.
Apparent metabolizable energy of crude glycerin originating from different sources in broiler chickens.
High disaccharide intake associates with atherogenic lipoprotein profile.
[Low caloric value and high salt content in the meals served in school canteens].
Effects of blackcurrant-based juice on atherosclerosis-related biomarkers in cultured macrophages and in human subjects after consumption of a high-energy meal.
Abdominal adiposity, insulin and bone quality in young male rats fed a high-fat diet containing soybean or canola oil.
Chronic mTOR inhibition by rapamycin induces muscle insulin resistance despite weight loss in rats.
Caffeoylquinic acid-rich extract from chicory seeds improves glycemia, atherogenic index, and antioxidant status in rats.
Antihyperglycemic effect of ganoderma lucidum polysaccharides on streptozotocin-induced diabetic mice.
Breakfast glycaemic index and cognitive function in adolescent school children.
Glucose deprivation in tuberous sclerosis complex-related tumors.
The protein level of isoenergetic formulae does not modulate postprandial insulin secretion in piglets and has no consequences on later glucose tolerance.
Effects of alanine aminotransferase inhibition on the intermediary metabolism in Sparus aurata through dietary amino-oxyacetate supplementation.
Effects of dietary protein on lipid metabolism in high fructose fed humans.
The ketogenic diet for the treatment of glioma: insights from genetic profiling.
Availability and accessibility of healthier options and nutrition information at New Zealand fast food restaurants.
Differential effects of cobalt and mercury on lipid metabolism in the white adipose tissue of high-fat diet-induced obesity mice.
Tissue factor-protease-activated receptor 2 signaling promotes diet-induced obesity and adipose inflammation.
A salty-congruent odor enhances saltiness: functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Biomarkers in Type 2 diabetes: improving risk stratification with the PreDx ® Diabetes Risk Score.
Higher reported saturated fat and refined sugar intake is associated with reduced hippocampal-dependent memory and sensitivity to interoceptive signals.
IGF-I contributes to glucose homeostasis in the Berlin Fat Mouse Inbred line.
The lactose content of Mini Babybel and suitability for galactosaemia.
Adverse metabolic effects of a hypercaloric, high-fat diet in rodents precede observable changes in body weight.
The effect of vitamin D derivatives on vascular calcification associated with inflammation.
Insulin resistance, low cardiorespiratory fitness, and increased exercise blood pressure: contribution of abdominal obesity.
Noninvasive MRI of β-cell function using a Zn2+-responsive contrast agent.
Modulatory effects of ZYM-201 sodium succinate on dietary-induced hyperlipidemic conditions.
[Influence of a high-carbohydrate meal on taste perception].
Berberine protects against high fat diet-induced dysfunction in muscle mitochondria by inducing SIRT1-dependent mitochondrial biogenesis.
Nutrition and culture in professional football. A mixed method approach.
Micronisation and hot air roasting of cowpeas as pretreatments to control the development of hard-to-cook phenomenon.
Parameters measuring beta-cell function are only valuable in diabetic subjects with low body mass index, high blood glucose level, or long-standing diabetes.
Stimulatory effect of insulin on glucose uptake by muscle involves the central nervous system in insulin-sensitive mice.
Utilization of dietary glucose in the metabolic syndrome.
Is there a role for carbohydrate restriction in the treatment and prevention of cancer?
Satiety-relevant sensory qualities enhance the satiating effects of mixed carbohydrate-protein preloads.
Cheese intake in large amounts lowers LDL-cholesterol concentrations compared with butter intake of equal fat content.
A high-fat diet as a model of fatty liver disease in rats.
Fructose and NAFLD: metabolic implications and models of induction in rats.
Glucose tolerance in response to a high-fat diet is improved by a high-protein diet.
[The relationship between income and children's habitual consumption of β-carotene, vitamin C and vitamin E in food].
Changes in atherogenic dyslipidemia induced by carbohydrate restriction in men are dependent on dietary protein source.
Starch and oil in the donor cow diet and starch in substrate differently affect the in vitro ruminal biohydrogenation of linoleic and linolenic acids.
High-fat diet intake accelerates aging, increases expression of Hsd11b1, and promotes lipid accumulation in liver of SAMP10 mouse.
Effects of ID-alG™ on weight management and body fat mass in high-fat-fed rats.
Comparative evaluation of the antioxidant potential of infant cereals produced from purple wheat and red rice grains and LC-MS analysis of their anthocyanins.
Differential effects of low-carbohydrate and low-fat diets on inflammation and endothelial function in diabetes.
Enhancing liver mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation capacity in obese mice improves insulin sensitivity independently of hepatic steatosis.
Comparative evaluation of the hypolipidemic effects of hydroxyethyl methylcellulose (HEMC) and hydroxypropyl methylcellulose (HPMC) in high fat-fed mice.
Interleukin-6 enhances insulin secretion by increasing glucagon-like peptide-1 secretion from L cells and alpha cells.
Piperine attenuates cardiovascular, liver and metabolic changes in high carbohydrate, high fat-fed rats.
Coffee does not modify postprandial glycaemic and insulinaemic responses induced by carbohydrates.
Effect of interaction between PPARG, PPARA and ADIPOQ gene variants and dietary fatty acids on plasma lipid profile and adiponectin concentration in a large intervention study.
Acidic xylooligosaccharide preserves hepatic iron storage level in adult female rats fed a low-iron diet.
Management of colonic diverticular disease with poorly absorbed antibiotics and other therapies.
Modulation of the metabolism of airborne pollutants by glucoraphanin-rich and sulforaphane-rich broccoli sprout beverages in Qidong, China.
Demonstration of diet-induced decoupling of fatty acid and cholesterol synthesis by combining gene expression array and 2H2O quantification.
A high intake of saturated fatty acids strengthens the association between the fat mass and obesity-associated gene and BMI.
Disruption of HIF-1α in hepatocytes impairs glucose metabolism in diet-induced obesity mice.
Metabolic effects of bariatric surgery in type 2 diabetic patients with body mass index &lt; 35 kg/m2.
Controlled-release phentermine/topiramate in severely obese adults: a randomized controlled trial (EQUIP).
Omega 3 fatty acids supplementation has an ameliorative effect in experimental ulcerative colitis despite increased colonic neutrophil infiltration.
Laminaria japonica as a food for the prevention of obesity and diabetes.
Dissociation of the glucose and lipid regulatory functions of FoxO1 by targeted knockin of acetylation-defective alleles in mice.
Hypoglycemic effect of protopanaxadiol-type ginsenosides and compound K on Type 2 diabetes mice induced by high-fat diet combining with streptozotocin via suppression of hepatic gluconeogenesis.
Oxidative stress and diabetes: what can we learn about insulin resistance from antioxidant mutant mouse models?
Effects of acute ingestion of different fats on oxidative stress and inflammation in overweight and obese adults.
Low HDL predicts differential blood pressure effects from two weight-loss approaches: a secondary analysis of blood pressure from a randomized, clinical weight-loss trial.
Nutritional modulation of insulin resistance in the true carnivorous cat: a review.
Effects of brief perturbations in energy balance on indices of glucose homeostasis in healthy lean men.
Macrophage migration inhibitory factor deficiency protects pancreatic islets from palmitic acid-induced apoptosis.
Relative feeding and development of armyworm on switchgrass and corn, and its potential effects on switchgrass grown for biomass.
Type 2 corticotropin-releasing factor receptor in the ventromedial nucleus of hypothalamus is critical in regulating feeding and lipid metabolism in white adipose tissue.
A comparison of the effect of glitazones on serum sialic acid in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Use of artificial digestive systems to investigate the biopharmaceutical factors influencing the survival of probiotic yeast during gastrointestinal transit in humans.
Reduction of insulin signaling upregulates angiopoietin-like protein 4 through elevated free fatty acids in diabetic mice.
Ask the doctor. My blood pressure has wide swings each day. It can go as high as 210/110 with even minor stress like grocery shopping, then fall to 100/50, which makes me tired and needing rest. I take 15 mg of isosorbide dinitrate and a slow-release nitrate for angina. I also take 10 mg of atenolol (Tenormin) to slow my heart rate. My doctor says I'm just a 'reactive person.' My diet is excellent, and I try to keep active. Could my adrenal glands have anything to do with this?
[Assessment of health benefits from a nutrition program aimed at inmates with cardiovascular risk factors at Huelva Prison].
Effect of carbohydrate sources and cotton seed meal in the concentrate: II. Feed intake, nutrient digestibility, rumen fermentation and microbial protein synthesis in beef cattle.
Lifestyle and metabolic approaches to maximizing erectile and vascular health.
Relation between dietary and circulating lipids in lacto-ovo vegetarians.
Benefits of blackberry nectar (Rubus spp.) relative to hypercholesterolemia and lipid peroxidation.
[Meat and fish consumption in a high cardiovascular risk Spanish Mediterranean population].
Nutritional status of intellectual disabled persons with Down syndrome.
[Assessment of the nutritional status of a group of people older than 50 years by means of dietary and body composition parameters].
Influence of physical activity and dietary habits on lipid profile, blood pressure and BMI in subjects with metabolic syndrome.
Influence of fat intake on body composition, lipemia and glycemia of type 1 diabetics.
Food habits and nutritional status of elderly people living in a Spanish Mediterranean city.
Unmasking differential effects of rosiglitazone and pioglitazone in the combination treatment with n-3 fatty acids in mice fed a high-fat diet.
The combination of high-fat diet-induced obesity and chronic ulcerative colitis reciprocally exacerbates adipose tissue and colon inflammation.
Modest reversal of metabolic syndrome manifestations with vitamin D status correction: a 12-month prospective study.
The effect of isosteviol on hyperglycemia and dyslipidemia induced by lipotoxicity in rats fed with high-fat emulsion.
Reproductive tissues maintain insulin sensitivity in diet-induced obesity.
Microwave-assisted synthesis, hypolipidemic and hypoglycemic activity of some novel 2-(4-(2-Amino-6-(4-substituted phenyl)-pyrimidin-4-yl)-phenoxy)-2-methyl propanoic acid derivatives.
Modulation of oxidative stress and mitochondrial function by the ketogenic diet.
Early feeding and dietary lipids affect broiler tissue fatty acids, vitamin E status, and cyclooxygenase-2 protein expression upon lipopolysaccharide challenge.
Growth hormone and IGF-1 deficiency exacerbate high-fat diet-induced endothelial impairment in obese Lewis dwarf rats: implications for vascular aging.
Butyrate delivered by butyrylated starch increases distal colonic epithelial apoptosis in carcinogen-treated rats.
Health effects of mixed fruit and vegetable concentrates: a systematic review of the clinical interventions.
Effects of soya oligosaccharides and soya oligopeptides on lipid metabolism in hyperlipidaemic rats.
The effect of resveratrol on lifespan depends on both gender and dietary nutrient composition in Drosophila melanogaster.
Expression of proinflammatory, proatherogenic genes is reduced by the Mediterranean diet in elderly people.
Oxidation of HRas cysteine thiols by metabolic stress prevents palmitoylation in vivo and contributes to endothelial cell apoptosis.
Dietary sardine protein lowers insulin resistance, leptin and TNF-α and beneficially affects adipose tissue oxidative stress in rats with fructose-induced metabolic syndrome.
High levels of hsCRP are associated with carbohydrate metabolism disorder.
Differential glycomics of epithelial membrane glycoproteins from urinary exovesicles reveals shifts toward complex-type N-glycosylation in classical galactosemia.
Mediterranean Diet Effect: an Italian picture.
Nutrition status of junior elite Canadian female soccer athletes.
An intervention study in obese mice with astaxanthin, a marine carotenoid--effects on insulin signaling and pro-inflammatory cytokines.
Metabolic effects of sleeve gastrectomy in female rat model of diet-induced obesity.
A systematic review on the effect of sweeteners on glycemic response and clinically relevant outcomes.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of soy products consumption in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Antidiabetic effect of the total polyphenolic acids fraction from Salvia miltiorrhiza Bunge in diabetic rats.
[Effects of berberine on the pancreatic beta cell apoptosis in rats with insulin resistance].
[Effects of different compatibility proportion of jiaotai pills on treating type 2 diabetes mellitus in rats].
Comparative effects of processing methods on the feeding value of maize in feedlot cattle.
Trillin, a steroidal saponin isolated from the rhizomes of Dioscorea nipponica, exerts protective effects against hyperlipidemia and oxidative stress.
Effect of hemodialysis and diet on the exhaled breath methanol concentration in patients with ESRD.
Renoprotective potential of Macrothelypteris torresiana via ameliorating oxidative stress and proinflammatory cytokines.
Effects of lipoprotein lipase gene variations, a high-carbohydrate low-fat diet, and gender on serum lipid profiles in healthy Chinese Han youth.
FGF23 contributes to insulin sensitivity in obese adolescents - preliminary results.
Impact of introducing HbA1c into the diagnostic criteria on prevalence and cardiovascular risk profiles of individuals with newly diagnosed diabetes in Japan: the Toranomon Hospital Health Management Center Study 2 (TOPICS 2).
Effects of weight loss and long-term weight maintenance with diets varying in protein and glycemic index on cardiovascular risk factors: the diet, obesity, and genes (DiOGenes) study: a randomized, controlled trial.
Cardioprotective and hepatoprotective effects of ellagitannins from European oak bark (Quercus petraea L.) extract in rats.
Variation in sequence and expression of the avian FTO, and association with glucose metabolism, body weight, fatness and body composition in chickens.
Effect of whey protein- and carbohydrate-enriched diet on glycogen resynthesis during the first 48 h after a soccer game.
Dysglycemia induces abnormal circadian blood pressure variability.
Ablation of 3-phosphoinositide-dependent protein kinase 1 (PDK1) in vascular endothelial cells enhances insulin sensitivity by reducing visceral fat and suppressing angiogenesis.
Metabolic adaptation to a high-fat diet is associated with a change in the gut microbiota.
Emerging applications of metabolomic and genomic profiling in diabetic clinical medicine.
Fasting blood glucose level and prognosis in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients.
Fenugreek improves diet-induced metabolic disorders in rats.
Transgenic overexpression of intraislet ghrelin does not affect insulin secretion or glucose metabolism in vivo.
The hexosamine biosynthetic pathway and O-GlcNAcylation drive the expression of β-catenin and cell proliferation.
An arabinoxylan-rich fraction from wheat enhances caecal fermentation and protects colonocyte DNA against diet-induced damage in pigs.
Cardiorespiratory fitness and dietary intake in European adolescents: the Healthy Lifestyle in Europe by Nutrition in Adolescence study.
Away-from-home family dinner sources and associations with weight status, body composition, and related biomarkers of chronic disease among adolescents and their parents.
Dietary supplementation with nonconventional feeds from the Middle East: assessing the effects on physicochemical and organoleptic properties of Awassi sheep milk and yogurt.
Effects of plane of nutrition and 2,4-thiazolidinedione on insulin responses and adipose tissue gene expression in dairy cattle during late gestation.
Repeated ingestion of the leaf extract from Morus alba reduces insulin resistance in KK-Ay mice.
Omentectomy added to Roux-en-Y gastric bypass surgery: a randomized, controlled trial.
A fat lot of good: balance and trends in fat intake in children with cystic fibrosis.
Reexpression of oncoprotein MafB in proliferative β-cells and Men1 insulinomas in mouse.
Nitric oxide (NO)--production and regulation of insulin secretion in islets of freely fed and fasted mice.
ADAMTS13 reduces vascular inflammation and the development of early atherosclerosis in mice.
Na(+)-D-glucose cotransporter SGLT1 is pivotal for intestinal glucose absorption and glucose-dependent incretin secretion.
T cell protein tyrosine phosphatase (TCPTP) deficiency in muscle does not alter insulin signalling and glucose homeostasis in mice.
Glycated hemoglobin A1c is superior to fasting plasma glucose as an independent risk factor for colorectal neoplasia.
Epinephrine and the metabolic syndrome.
A mouse model of diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance.
Pyrrolidine dithiocarbamate enhances hepatic glycogen synthesis and reduces FoxO1-mediated gene transcription in type 2 diabetic rats.
Pu-erh tea, green tea, and black tea suppresses hyperlipidemia, hyperleptinemia and fatty acid synthase through activating AMPK in rats fed a high-fructose diet.
Interaction between marginal zinc and high fat supply on lipid metabolism and growth of weanling rats.
Disassociation between preprandial gut peptide release and food-anticipatory activity.
A 90-day adaptation to a high glycaemic diet alters postprandial lipid metabolism in non-obese horses without affecting peripheral insulin sensitivity.
Effect of glycemic index and fructose content in lunch on substrate utilization during subsequent brisk walking.
IgG N-glycans as potential biomarkers for determining galactose tolerance in Classical Galactosaemia.
Glucagon-like peptide-1 regulation of carbohydrate intake is differentially affected by obesogenic diets.
Food preferences and dietary intakes of Filipino adolescents in metro Manila, the Philippines.
Diabetes Health, Residence &amp; Metabolism in Asians: the DHRMA study, research into foods from the Indian subcontinent - a blinded, randomised, placebo controlled trial.
Association between low colonic short-chain fatty acids and high bile acids in high colon cancer risk populations.
Comparative effects of sesame seed lignan and flaxseed lignan in reducing the growth of human breast tumors (MCF-7) at high levels of circulating estrogen in athymic mice.
Treatment with low-dose resveratrol reverses cardiac impairment in obese prone but not in obese resistant rats.
The effects of carbohydrate intake and muscle glycogen content on self-paced intermittent-sprint exercise despite no knowledge of carbohydrate manipulation.
Relative contributions of afferent vagal fibers to resistance to diet-induced obesity.
Anti-obesity effects of Chang-Chul-Eui-Ee-In-Tang [see text] in female rats with diet-induced obesity.
High fat diet-induced changes in mouse muscle mitochondrial phospholipids do not impair mitochondrial respiration despite insulin resistance.
Glucose-dependent Insulinotropic Polypeptide (GIP): From prohormone to actions in endocrine pancreas and adipose tissue.
Calorie restriction and rapamycin inhibit MMTV-Wnt-1 mammary tumor growth in a mouse model of postmenopausal obesity.
Rice varieties in relation to rice bread quality.
Postprandial inflammatory response in adipose tissue of patients with metabolic syndrome after the intake of different dietary models.
Changes in inflammatory biomarkers after successful lifestyle intervention in obese children.
Glucose and insulin induction of bile acid synthesis: mechanisms and implication in diabetes and obesity.
High-amylose rice improves indices of animal health in normal and diabetic rats.
Coffee and caffeine improve insulin sensitivity and glucose tolerance in C57BL/6J mice fed a high-fat diet.
Hypothalamic JNK1 and IKKβ activation and impaired early postnatal glucose metabolism after maternal perinatal high-fat feeding.
Inflammatory markers in relation to nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in urban South Indians.
Persistent fasting hyperglycaemia is more predictive of type 2 diabetes than transient fasting hyperglycaemia.
Nutrition for winter sports.
The relationship between HbA1c and fasting plasma glucose in patients with increased plasma liver enzyme measurements.
Effects of rosuvastatin and atorvastatin on glycaemic control in Type 2 diabetes---the CORALL study.
Lack of effect of high-protein vs. high-carbohydrate meal intake on stress-related mood and eating behavior.
The strawberry: composition, nutritional quality, and impact on human health.
Purple sweet potato anthocyanins attenuate hepatic lipid accumulation through activating adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase in human HepG2 cells and obese mice.
Exploring the theory of planned behavior to explain sugar-sweetened beverage consumption.
Neurological and stress related effects of shifting obese rats from a palatable diet to chow and lean rats from chow to a palatable diet.
Do hummingbirds have a sweet-tooth? Gustatory sugar thresholds and sugar selection in the broad-billed hummingbird Cynanthus latirostris.
The glycemic index issue.
Increased pancreatic fat fraction is present in obese adolescents with metabolic syndrome.
BMI, waist circumference, and selected cardiovascular disease risk factors among preschool-age children.
Switching from high-fat to low-fat diet normalizes glucose metabolism and improves glucose-stimulated insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity but not body weight in C57BL/6J mice.
Effects of increased dietary protein-to-carbohydrate ratios in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Fructose containing sugars modulate mRNA of lipogenic genes ACC and FAS and protein levels of transcription factors ChREBP and SREBP1c with no effect on body weight or liver fat.
Differential blood lipid-lowering effects of alkylsulfonated chitosan of different molecular weights in Syrian hamsters in vivo.
Impairments in the intrinsic contractility of mesenteric collecting lymphatics in a rat model of metabolic syndrome.
Control of glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity by the Let-7 family of microRNAs.
Exposure to maternal overnutrition and a high-fat diet during early postnatal development increases susceptibility to renal and metabolic injury later in life.
Role of growth hormone, glutamine and enteral nutrition in pediatric short bowel syndrome: a pilot follow-up study.
High levels of dietary fat impair glucose homeostasis in rainbow trout.
Tracking blood glucose and predicting prediabetes in Chinese children and adolescents: a prospective twin study.
Development of a nongenetic mouse model of type 2 diabetes.
Dietary intake and nutrition-related knowledge in a sample of Lebanese adolescents of contrasting socioeconomic status.
Topiramate induces weight loss and improves insulin sensitivity in dietary obese rats: comparison to sibutramine.
Food choices and health during military service: increases in sugar- and fibre-containing foods and changes in anthropometric and clinical risk factors.
Sequence of fat partitioning and its relationship with whole body insulin resistance.
Species incompatibilities in the pig-to-macaque islet xenotransplant model affect transplant outcome: a comparison with allotransplantation.
Effects of breastfeeding and low sugar-sweetened beverage intake on obesity prevalence in Hispanic toddlers.
Differential effects of macronutrient content in 2 energy-restricted diets on cardiovascular risk factors and adipose tissue cell size in moderately obese individuals: a randomized controlled trial.
[Evaluation of the lifestyle of students of physiotherapy and technical &amp; computer science basing on their diet and physical activity].
Diet-induced hyperinsulinemia accelerates growth of androgen-independent PC-3 cells in vitro.
Experimental diabetes treated with trigonelline: effect on β cell and pancreatic oxidative parameters.
High-performance inulin and oligofructose prebiotics increase the intestinal absorption of iron in rats with iron deficiency anaemia during the growth phase.
Effects of age, diet, and type 2 diabetes on the development and FDG uptake of atherosclerotic plaques.
Determinants of FDG uptake in atherosclerosis.
Potential dietary sources of ellagic acid and other antioxidants among fruits consumed in Brazil: jabuticaba (Myrciaria jaboticaba (Vell.) Berg).
Chemical composition, antioxidant and antimicrobial properties of Rapa Catozza Napoletana (Brassica rapa L. var. rapa DC.) seed meal, a promising protein source of Campania region (southern Italy) horticultural germplasm.
Antiobesity and hypoglycaemic effects of aqueous extract of Ibervillea sonorae in mice fed a high-fat diet with fructose.
Skeletal muscle-specific expression of PGC-1α-b, an exercise-responsive isoform, increases exercise capacity and peak oxygen uptake.
Adolescent weight status and related behavioural factors: web survey of physical activity and nutrition.
Effect of meal timing and glycaemic index on glucose control and insulin secretion in healthy volunteers.
Early programming of adult blood pressure in the low birth weight Yucatan miniature pig is exacerbated by a post-weaning high-salt-fat-sugar diet.
Changes in dominant groups of the gut microbiota do not explain cereal-fiber induced improvement of whole-body insulin sensitivity.
Measurement of the cariogenicity of snacks using a radioisotope PAHA disc.
Effects of macronutrient composition of the diet on body fat in indigenous people at high risk of type 2 diabetes.
Meal timing and composition influence ghrelin levels, appetite scores and weight loss maintenance in overweight and obese adults.
Sugar assimilation and digestive efficiency in Wahlberg's epauletted fruit bat (Epomophorus wahlbergi).
Feeding motivation and plasma metabolites in pregnant sows fed diets rich in dietary fiber either once or twice daily.
Gender dimorphism in skeletal muscle proteome between lean and diet-induced obese rats.
Organic grape juice intake improves functional capillary density and postocclusive reactive hyperemia in triathletes.
The effect of inactivated Lactobacillus LB fermented culture medium on symptom severity: observational investigation in 297 patients with diarrhea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome.
Hypolipidemic effects of kaempferide-7-O-(4''-O-acetylrhamnosyl)-3-O-rutinoside in hyperlipidemic rats induced by a high-fat diet.
Altered glucose-stimulated insulin secretion in a mouse line with activated polyamine catabolism.
Modification of isoflavone profiles in a fermented soy food with almond powder.
15N discrimination and the sensitivity of nitrogen fixation to changes in dietary nitrogen in Reticulitermes flavipes (Isoptera: Rhinotermitidae).
Regional and socioeconomic distribution of household food availability in Brazil, in 2008-2009.
Glycine N-methyltransferase deficiency affects Niemann-Pick type C2 protein stability and regulates hepatic cholesterol homeostasis.
Macronutrients, vitamins and minerals intake and risk of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma: a case-control study in Iran.
Cytochrome P-450 CYP2E1 knockout mice are protected against high-fat diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance.
Disruption of the chemokine-like receptor-1 (CMKLR1) gene is associated with reduced adiposity and glucose intolerance.
Targeted loss of GHR signaling in mouse skeletal muscle protects against high-fat diet-induced metabolic deterioration.
Traditional Indian snacks modified to attain low glycaemic index and confirmed suitable to be consumed without hyperglycaemic effect in type 2 diabetics.
Myocardial and metabolic dysfunction in type 2 diabetic rats: impact of ghrelin.
Dose-dependent effects, safety and tolerability of fenugreek in diet-induced metabolic disorders in rats.
Physical activity, sedentary behaviors and dietary habits among Saudi adolescents relative to age, gender and region.
A low-glycemic load diet reduces serum C-reactive protein and modestly increases adiponectin in overweight and obese adults.
Two patterns of adipokine and other biomarker dynamics in a long-term weight loss intervention.
One-year effects of myo-inositol supplementation in postmenopausal women with metabolic syndrome.
Effect of high-sugar grasses on methane emissions simulated using a dynamic model.
Effects of nasal immunization of multi-target preventive vaccines on atherosclerosis.
Association between dietary patterns and the risk of metabolic syndrome among Lebanese adults.
High-fat diet exacerbates renal dysfunction in SHR: reversal by induction of HO-1-adiponectin axis.
Carbohydrate restricted diet in conjunction with metformin and liraglutide is an effective treatment in patients with deteriorated type 2 diabetes mellitus: Proof-of-concept study.
Ayurvedic formulation of Liv-Pro-08 reduces nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in rats fed with high-fat diet.
Foenumoside B from Lysimachia foenum-graecum inhibits adipocyte differentiation and obesity induced by high-fat diet.
Effects of modern eating patterns on the cardiac autonomic nervous system in young Japanese males.
Effect of inhibition of angiotensin converting enzyme and/or neutral endopeptidase on vascular and neural complications in high fat fed/low dose streptozotocin-diabetic rats.
Fructose diet treatment in mice induces fundamental disturbance of cardiomyocyte Ca2+ handling and myofilament responsiveness.
Naringin ameliorates metabolic syndrome by activating AMP-activated protein kinase in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Ketogenic diet increases concentrations of kynurenic acid in discrete brain structures of young and adult rats.
Glucose and lipid metabolism in the pancreas of rainbow trout is regulated at the molecular level by nutritional status and carbohydrate intake.
Identification of behavioral and metabolic factors predicting adiposity sensitivity to both high fat and high carbohydrate diets in rats.
Cholesterol synthesis is associated with hepatic lipid content and dependent on fructose/glucose intake in healthy humans.
Hyperglycemia in apolipoprotein E-deficient mouse strains with different atherosclerosis susceptibility.
Fish oil prevents high-saturated fat diet-induced impairments in adiponectin and insulin response in rodent soleus muscle.
Carbenoxolone alters the morphology of adipose tissues and downregulates genes involved in adipogenesis, glucose transport and lipid metabolism in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Natural history of age-related retinal lesions that precede AMD in mice fed high or low glycemic index diets.
The effects of varying protein and energy intakes on the growth and body composition of very low birth weight infants.
Rearing honey bees, Apis mellifera, in vitro 1: effects of sugar concentrations on survival and development.
Postweaning low-calcium diet promotes later-life obesity induced by a high-fat diet.
Dietary glycemic index/load and peripheral adipokines and inflammatory markers in elderly subjects at high cardiovascular risk.
Endothelin-1 promotes cytoplasmic accumulation of RIP140 through a ET(A)-PLCβ-PKCε pathway.
The mitochondria-targeted antioxidant MitoQ decreases features of the metabolic syndrome in ATM+/-/ApoE-/- mice.
Circulating brain-derived neurotrophic factor concentration is downregulated by intralipid/heparin infusion or high-fat meal in young healthy male subjects.
High fat intake leads to acute postprandial exposure to circulating endotoxin in type 2 diabetic subjects.
CETP inhibitor torcetrapib promotes reverse cholesterol transport in obese insulin-resistant CETP-ApoB100 transgenic mice.
Antidiabetic effect of total saponins from Entada phaseoloides (L.) Merr. in type 2 diabetic rats.
FoxO1 as a double-edged sword in the pancreas: analysis of pancreas- and β-cell-specific FoxO1 knockout mice.
Obesity and altered glucose metabolism impact HDL composition in CETP transgenic mice: a role for ovarian hormones.
IκB kinase-beta inhibitor attenuates hepatic fibrosis in mice.
Is the Mediterranean diet adequate to satisfy zinc requirements during adolescence?
Melatonin improves metabolic syndrome induced by high fructose intake in rats.
Effect of dietary energy source on deposition and fatty acid synthesis in the liver of the laying hen.
Control of voluntary feed intake in fish: a role for dietary oxygen demand in Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) fed diets with different macronutrient profiles.
Regulation of nutrient intake in nectar-feeding birds: insights from the geometric framework.
Nifedipine ameliorates ischemia-induced revascularization in diet-induced obese mice.
Factors associated with sugar-sweetened beverage intake among United States high school students.
Prebiotic fiber increases hepatic acetyl CoA carboxylase phosphorylation and suppresses glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide secretion more effectively when used with metformin in obese rats.
Impact of high-fat and high-carbohydrate diets on liver metabolism studied in a rat model with a systems biology approach.
Effect of dietary patterns differing in carbohydrate and fat content on blood lipid and glucose profiles based on weight-loss success of breast-cancer survivors.
The serum concentration of allograft inflammatory factor-1 is correlated with metabolic parameters in healthy subjects.
Hormone and metabolite changes associated with extended breeding fasts in male northern elephant seals (Mirounga angustirostris).
A low-protein, high-carbohydrate diet increases fatty acid uptake and reduces norepinephrine-induced lipolysis in rat retroperitoneal white adipose tissue.
TIMP3 overexpression in macrophages protects from insulin resistance, adipose inflammation, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in mice.
Long term effects of high fat or high carbohydrate diets on glucose tolerance in mice with heterozygous carnitine palmitoyltransferase-1a (CPT-1a) deficiency: Diet influences on CPT1a deficient mice.
Hypoglycaemic and hypolipidaemic effects of low GI and medium GL Indian diets in type 2 diabetics for a period of 4 weeks: a prospective study.
The diet factor in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Partial rescue of retinal function in chronically hypoglycemic mice.
Characterisation of five potato cultivars according to their nutritional and pro-health components.
Low density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor-related protein 6 (LRP6) regulates body fat and glucose homeostasis by modulating nutrient sensing pathways and mitochondrial energy expenditure.
[The effect of various levels of chitosan in rat diet on vitamins assimilation under their combined deficiency].
Adult-type hypolactasia and calcium intake in polycystic ovary syndrome.
Studies on the antihypertensive and antidyslipidemic activities of Viola odorata leaves extract.
Beneficial impact of Zingiber zerumbet on insulin sensitivity in fructose-fed rats.
Transcriptional analysis reveals a high impact of conjugated linoleic acid on stearoyl-Coenzyme A desaturase 1 mRNA expression in mice gastrocnemius muscle.
Sex-dependent differences in rat hepatic lipid accumulation and insulin sensitivity in response to diet-induced obesity.
Weight-loss diets modify glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide receptor rs2287019 genotype effects on changes in body weight, fasting glucose, and insulin resistance: the Preventing Overweight Using Novel Dietary Strategies trial.
Serum antioxidant vitamin levels in patients with coronary heart disease.
The effect of nutrient-based standards on competitive foods in 3 schools: potential savings in kilocalories and grams of fat.
Resting heart rate as a predictor of metabolic dysfunctions in obese children and adolescents.
Stevioside ameliorates high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance and adipose tissue inflammation by downregulating the NF-κB pathway.
Deletion of CaMKK2 from the liver lowers blood glucose and improves whole-body glucose tolerance in the mouse.
SATgenε dietary model to implement diets of differing fat composition in prospectively genotyped groups (apoE) using commercially available foods.
Effect of the protein:carbohydrate ratio in hypoenergetic diets on metabolic syndrome risk factors in exercising overweight and obese women.
Reproducibility of a food menu to measure energy and macronutrient intakes in a laboratory and under real-life conditions.
Trends in dietary energy, fat, carbohydrate and protein intake in Chinese children and adolescents from 1991 to 2009.
Prebiotics in foods.
Duodenal activation of cAMP-dependent protein kinase induces vagal afferent firing and lowers glucose production in rats.
Effect of soy flour addition and heat-processing method on nutritional quality and consumer acceptability of cassava complementary porridges.
Haemoglobin A1c cut-off point to identify a high risk group of future diabetes: results from the Omiya MA Cohort Study.
Energy intakes of ultraendurance cyclists during competition, an observational study.
Dietary supplementation practices in Canadian high-performance athletes.
Nitrate supplementation's improvement of 10-km time-trial performance in trained cyclists.
Liking of anthocyanin-rich juices by children and adolescents.
The Smart Choices front-of-package nutrition label. Influence on perceptions and intake of cereal.
Intestinal microbiota and obesity.
Alogliptin as an initial therapy in patients with newly diagnosed, drug naïve type 2 diabetes: a randomized, control trial.
Effects of prebiotic, protein level, and stocking density on performance, immunity, and stress indicators of broilers.
Diet and exercise in an obese mouse fed a high-fat diet improve metabolic health and reverse perturbed sperm function.
Cytoplasmic polyadenylation element binding protein deficiency stimulates PTEN and Stat3 mRNA translation and induces hepatic insulin resistance.
Curcumin prevents high fat diet induced insulin resistance and obesity via attenuating lipogenesis in liver and inflammatory pathway in adipocytes.
CD14 deficiency impacts glucose homeostasis in mice through altered adrenal tone.
Effect of the glycemic index of carbohydrates on Acne vulgaris.
Starches, sugars and obesity.
Effects of high dietary fibre diets formulated from by-products from vegetable and agricultural industries on plasma metabolites in gestating sows.
A longitudinal study of the association between dietary factors, serum lipids, and bone marrow lesions of the knee.
The link between dietary glycemic index and nutrient adequacy.
Blunted blood pressure response and elevated plasma adiponectin levels in female Sprague Dawley rats.
Histopathology of chondronecrosis development in knee articular cartilage in a rat model of Kashin-Beck disease using T-2 toxin and selenium deficiency conditions.
Exercise-induced BCL2-regulated autophagy is required for muscle glucose homeostasis.
High-carbohydrate, high-protein, low-fat versus low-carbohydrate, high-protein, high-fat enteral feeds for burns.
Interventions for pregnant women with hyperglycaemia not meeting gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes diagnostic criteria.
Evaluation of the long-term effects of gastric inhibitory polypeptide-ovalbumin conjugates on insulin resistance, metabolic dysfunction, energy balance and cognition in high-fat-fed mice.
Dyslipidemia is not associated with cardiovascular disease risk in an animal model of mild chronic suboptimal nutrition.
High-carbohydrate/low-protein-induced hyperinsulinemia does not improve protein balance in children after cardiac surgery.
Loss of FXR protects against diet-induced obesity and accelerates liver carcinogenesis in ob/ob mice.
Tissue-specific responses of lipoprotein lipase to dietary macronutrient composition as a predictor of weight gain over 4 years.
Multiparous cows categorized by milk protein concentration and energy-corrected milk yield during early lactation--metabolism, productivity and effect of a short-term feed restriction.
Xylo-oligosaccharide (XOS) in combination with inulin modulates both the intestinal environment and immune status in healthy subjects, while XOS alone only shows prebiotic properties.
Association of the fat mass and obesity-associated (FTO) gene variant (rs9939609) with dietary intake in the Finnish Diabetes Prevention Study.
Maternal consumption of high-fat diet disturbs hypothalamic neuronal function in the offspring: implications for the genesis of obesity.
Consumption of a high-fat diet rapidly exacerbates the development of fatty liver disease that occurs with chronically elevated glucocorticoids.
Effects of antinutritional factors on plasma lipoprotein levels in Japanese flounder Paralichthys olivaceus.
Applicability of a combination of hemoglobin A(1c) and fasting plasma glucose in population-based prediabetes screening.
Ketone bodies in epilepsy.
Non-lipid effects of rosuvastatin-fenofibrate combination therapy in high-risk Asian patients with mixed hyperlipidemia.
A gene variation (rs12691) in the CCAT/enhancer binding protein α modulates glucose metabolism in metabolic syndrome.
Hydroxypropylated distarch phosphate versus unmodified tapioca starch: fat oxidation and endurance in C57BL/6J mice.
Effect of daidzein-low-calorie diet on body weight, serum levels of glucose, resistin, and high sensitive C-reactive protein in high fat, high calorie diet induced rats.
Diet quality can play a critical role in defense efficacy against parasitoids and pathogens in the Glanville fritillary (Melitaea cinxia).
The effect of milk proteins on appetite regulation and diet-induced thermogenesis.
Anti-inflammatory and anti-hyperlipidemic effect of Semecarpus anacardium in a high fat diet: STZ-induced type 2 diabetic rat model.
Body mass index versus dual energy x-ray absorptiometry-derived indexes: predictors of cardiovascular and diabetic disease risk factors.
TRPM2 Ca2+ channel regulates energy balance and glucose metabolism.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus in a Nigerian child: a case report.
[Biochemical mechanisms of chromium action in the human and animal organism].
Trace glucose and lipid metabolism in high androgen and high-fat diet induced polycystic ovary syndrome rats.
The soybean peptide aglycin regulates glucose homeostasis in type 2 diabetic mice via IR/IRS1 pathway.
Anti-obesity effect of a standardised ethanol extract from Curcuma longa L. fermented with Aspergillus oryzae in ob/ob mice and primary mouse adipocytes.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease impairs hippocampal-dependent memory in male rats.
Effects of plane of nutrition and feed deprivation on insulin responses in dairy cattle during late gestation.
Effects of emodin and vitamin C on growth performance, biochemical parameters and two HSP70s mRNA expression of Wuchang bream (Megalobrama amblycephala Yih) under high temperature stress.
Heavy livestock grazing promotes locust outbreaks by lowering plant nitrogen content.
Preservation of fat-free mass after two distinct weight loss diets with and without progressive resistance exercise.
Resveratrol reduces vascular cell senescence through attenuation of oxidative stress by SIRT1/NADPH oxidase-dependent mechanisms.
The Diabetes Excess Weight Loss (DEWL) Trial: a randomised controlled trial of high-protein versus high-carbohydrate diets over 2 years in type 2 diabetes.
Evidence-based guideline of the German Nutrition Society: carbohydrate intake and prevention of nutrition-related diseases.
Effects of ethanol on CYP2E1 levels and related oxidative stress using a standard balanced diet.
The influence of dietary carbohydrate content on glycaemia in patients with glucokinase maturity-onset diabetes of the young.
Long-term, high intake of vitamin C decreases size and increases quantity of liver mitochondria in Guinea-pigs.
Combination of fucoxanthin and conjugated linoleic acid attenuates body weight gain and improves lipid metabolism in high-fat diet-induced obese rats.
Is the metabolic syndrome caused by a high fructose, and relatively low fat, low cholesterol diet?
Pups of dams fed low-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation showed strong preference for high-fat diet to achieve optimal growth.
Dietary strawberry powder reduces blood glucose concentrations in obese and lean C57BL/6 mice, and selectively lowers plasma C-reactive protein in lean mice.
Differences in lercanidipine systemic exposure when administered according to labelling: in fasting state and 15 minutes before food intake.
Rheb is a critical regulator of autophagy during myocardial ischemia: pathophysiological implications in obesity and metabolic syndrome.
MicroRNA-152 mediates DNMT1-regulated DNA methylation in the estrogen receptor α gene.
Ablation of NG2 proteoglycan leads to deficits in brown fat function and to adult onset obesity.
Role of environmental chemicals in diabetes and obesity: a National Toxicology Program workshop review.
Adiponectin promoter activator NP-1 reduces body weight and hepatic steatosis in high-fat diet-fed animals.
Comparison of a colorimetric and a high-performance liquid chromatography method for the determination of fructan in pasture grasses for horses.
Carbohydrate ingestion during exercise: effects on performance, training adaptations and trainability of the gut.
Metabolic regulation of fat use during exercise and in recovery.
Fat adaptation science: low-carbohydrate, high- fat diets to alter fuel utilization and promote training adaptation.
Equol status and blood lipid profile in hyperlipidemia after consumption of diets containing soy foods.
The obesity epidemic: from the environment to epigenetics - not simply a response to dietary manipulation in a thermoneutral environment.
High-sugar intake does not exacerbate metabolic abnormalities or cardiac dysfunction in genetic cardiomyopathy.
Voluntary post weaning exercise restores metabolic homeostasis in offspring of obese rats.
Dietary long chain n-3 fatty acids are more closely associated with protein than energy intakes from fat.
Advanced glycation end-product Nε-carboxymethyl-Lysine accelerates progression of atherosclerotic calcification in diabetes.
Dietary supplementation with decaffeinated green coffee improves diet-induced insulin resistance and brain energy metabolism in mice.
AMP-activated protein kinase α2 is an essential signal in the regulation of insulin-stimulated fatty acid uptake in control-fed and high-fat-fed mice.
Heat-treated hull flour does not affect iron bioavailability in rats.
[Guidelines for specialized nutritional and metabolic support in the critically-ill patient. Update. Consensus of the Spanish Society of Intensive Care Medicine and Coronary Units-Spanish Society of Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition (SEMICYUC-SENPE): acute renal failure].
[Guidelines for specialized nutritional and metabolic support in the critically ill-patient. Update. Consensus of the Spanish Society of Intensive Care Medicine and Coronary Units-Spanish Society of Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition (SEMICYUC-SENPE): severe acute pancreatitis].
[Guidelines for specialized nutritional and metabolic support in the critically-ill patient. Update. Consensus of the Spanish Society of Intensive Care Medicine and Coronary Units-Spanish Society of Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition (SEMICYUC-SENPE): critically-burned patient].
Protein-phytate interactions in pig and poultry nutrition: a reappraisal.
Comparing health behaviours of internal medicine residents and medical students: an observational study.
The A-allele of the common FTO gene variant rs9939609 complicates weight maintenance in severe obese patients.
Dietary adequacy of HIV infected individuals in north India--a cross-sectional analysis.
Oral pharmacologic treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a clinical practice guideline from the American College of Physicians.
Effects of acidic polysaccharides from gastrodia rhizome on systolic blood pressure and serum lipid concentrations in spontaneously hypertensive rats fed a high-fat diet.
Sesamin exerts renoprotective effects by enhancing NO bioactivity in renovascular hypertensive rats fed with high-fat-sucrose diet.
Time sequence of the intensification of the liver glucose production induced by high-fat diet in mice.
The role of FOXO and PPAR transcription factors in diet-mediated inhibition of PDC activation and carbohydrate oxidation during exercise in humans and the role of pharmacological activation of PDC in overriding these changes.
Hepatic TRAF2 regulates glucose metabolism through enhancing glucagon responses.
Impact of the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor vildagliptin on glucose tolerance and β-cell function and mass in insulin receptor substrate-2-knockout mice fed a high-fat diet.
Factors affecting children's oral health: perceptions among Latino parents.
Adropin deficiency is associated with increased adiposity and insulin resistance.
Effects of vitamins, probiotics, and protein level on semen traits and some seminal plasma macro- and microminerals of male broiler breeders after zinc-induced molting.
Deficiency of lymphotoxin-α does not exacerbate high-fat diet-induced obesity but does enhance inflammation in mice.
Impaired incretin-induced amplification of insulin secretion after glucose homeostatic dysregulation in healthy subjects.
Ecologically appropriate xenobiotics induce cytochrome P450s in Apis mellifera.
Fermentable carbohydrate alters hypothalamic neuronal activity and protects against the obesogenic environment.
Diabetes-specific nutrition algorithm: a transcultural program to optimize diabetes and prediabetes care.
Glucagon-like peptide-2 increases dysplasia in rodent models of colon cancer.
High consumption foods and their influence on energy and protein intake in institutionalized older adults.
The composition and metabolic activity of child gut microbiota demonstrate differential adaptation to varied nutrient loads in an in vitro model of colonic fermentation.
The Scap/SREBP pathway is essential for developing diabetic fatty liver and carbohydrate-induced hypertriglyceridemia in animals.
Polymeric particles for the controlled release of human amylin.
Metabolic stress-induced activation of FoxO1 triggers diabetic cardiomyopathy in mice.
Patterns of weight change associated with long-term weight change and cardiovascular disease risk factors in the Look AHEAD Study.
Nutritional status and anthropometric measurements of patients with multiple sclerosis.
Selective depletion of hepatic Kupffer cells significantly alleviated hepatosteatosis and intrahepatic inflammation induced by high fat diet.
Obese mice exhibit an altered behavioural and inflammatory response to lipopolysaccharide.
Intrauterine growth retarded progeny of pregnant sows fed high protein:low carbohydrate diet is related to metabolic energy deficit.
Murine norovirus increases atherosclerotic lesion size and macrophages in Ldlr(-/-) mice.
[Effects of the beta2-adrenergic receptor Gln27Glu variation on changes of serum lipid and apolipoprotein ratios induced by a high-carbohydrate/low-fat diet in healthy youth].
Low-carbohydrate, high-protein score and mortality in a northern Swedish population-based cohort.
The effect of vertical sleeve gastrectomy on food choice in rats.
[The Da Vinci Medical-mental motivation program for supporting lifestyle changes in patients with type 2 diabetes].
[Carbohydrate intake and prevention of nutrition-related diseases].
Calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase kinase 2 regulates macrophage-mediated inflammatory responses.
Early undernutrition induces glucagon resistance and insulin hypersensitivity in the liver of suckling rats.
High-glycemic index carbohydrates abrogate the antiobesity effect of fish oil in mice.
Effects of high-fat diet feeding on Znt8-null mice: differences between β-cell and global knockout of Znt8.
HDL-related mechanisms of olive oil protection in cardiovascular disease.
Dietary D-psicose reduced visceral fat mass in high-fat diet-induced obese rats.
Investigation into the dosage of dietary sphingomyelin concentrate in relation to the improvement of epidermal function in hairless mice.
Fibrinogen and P-selectin expression in atherosclerosis model of Sprague Dawley rat.
Low-carbohydrate high-fat diets in combination with daily exercise in rats: effects on body weight regulation, body composition and exercise capacity.
Obesity: the preventive role of the pomegranate (Punica granatum).
A high-selenium diet induces insulin resistance in gestating rats and their offspring.
Dysfunction of lipid sensor GPR120 leads to obesity in both mouse and human.
Acute treatment with candesartan cilexetil, an angiotensin II type 1 receptor blocker, improves insulin sensitivity in high-fructose-diet-fed rats.
Thioesterase superfamily member 2/acyl-CoA thioesterase 13 (Them2/Acot13) regulates hepatic lipid and glucose metabolism.
Mitochondrial DNA polymerase editing mutation, PolgD257A, disturbs stem-progenitor cell cycling in the small intestine and restricts excess fat absorption.
Ezetimibe ameliorates intestinal chylomicron overproduction and improves glucose tolerance in a diet-induced hamster model of insulin resistance.
Divergent metabolic outcomes arising from targeted manipulation of the gut microbiota in diet-induced obesity.
Sources of dietary protein in relation to blood pressure in a general Dutch population.
High carbohydrate intake was inversely associated with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol among Korean adults.
High-fat diet-induced reduction of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ coactivator-1α messenger RNA levels and oxidative capacity in the soleus muscle of rats with metabolic syndrome.
Fasting and oral glucose-stimulated levels of glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) are highly familial traits.
Effect of fructose on body weight in controlled feeding trials: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
[Ketogenic diet may control seizures by increasing the binding potential of the benzodiazepine receptor: a speculation from the [11C] flumazenil-PET study].
The profile in polyphenols and volatile compounds in alcoholic beverages from different cultivars of mulberry.
Nutritional status among women with pre-eclampsia and healthy pregnant and non-pregnant women in a Latin American country.
High dietary fat and the development of osteoarthritis in a rabbit model.
Differing endoplasmic reticulum stress response to excess lipogenesis versus lipid oversupply in relation to hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance.
SRT1720 improves survival and healthspan of obese mice.
Ant workers die young and colonies collapse when fed a high-protein diet.
Sodium intake is associated with parasympathetic tone and metabolic parameters in mild hypertension.
Oat β-glucan and dietary calcium and phosphorus differentially modify intestinal expression of proinflammatory cytokines and monocarboxylate transporter 1 and cecal morphology in weaned pigs.
High-fat and fructose intake induces insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and liver steatosis and alters in vivo macrophage-to-feces reverse cholesterol transport in hamsters.
Fermentable fiber ameliorates fermentable protein-induced changes in microbial ecology, but not the mucosal response, in the colon of piglets.
Resistant starch from high-amylose maize increases insulin sensitivity in overweight and obese men.
Perinatal exposure to vitamin A differentially regulates chondrocyte growth and the expression of aggrecan and matrix metalloprotein genes in the femur of neonatal rats.
Energy expenditure and dietary intake during high-volume and low-volume training periods among male endurance athletes.
Time is glucose, can't miss gestational diabetes.
Cost-effectiveness of using an extensively hydrolysed formula compared to an amino acid formula as first-line treatment for cow milk allergy in the UK.
Therapeutic drugs: healing power of marine fish.
Sex-dependent programming of glucose and fatty acid metabolism in mouse offspring by maternal protein restriction.
[Effects of drinking spa therapy on oxidative stress].
Acetyl-CoA carboxylase 2-/- mutant mice are protected against fatty liver under high-fat, high-carbohydrate dietary and de novo lipogenic conditions.
Mitochondrial biogenesis and increased uncoupling protein 1 in brown adipose tissue of mice fed a ketone ester diet.
Effect of different doses of aerobic exercise on total white blood cell (WBC) and WBC subfraction number in postmenopausal women: results from DREW.
Exendin-4 improves steatohepatitis by increasing Sirt1 expression in high-fat diet-induced obese C57BL/6J mice.
Phylogenetic distribution of genes encoding β-glucuronidase activity in human colonic bacteria and the impact of diet on faecal glycosidase activities.
Effect of high saturated free fatty acids feeding on progression of renal failure in rat model of experimental nephrotoxicity.
The effect of stocking rate and calving date on reproductive performance, body state, and metabolic and health parameters of Holstein-Friesian dairy cows.
An unprotected conjugated linoleic acid supplement decreases milk production and secretion of milk components in grazing dairy ewes.
Comparison of effects of dietary coconut oil and animal fat blend on lactational performance of Holstein cows fed a high-starch diet.
Dietary iron supplements may affect stress adaptation and aggravate stress hyperglycemia in a rat model of psychological stress.
The ketogenic diet as a treatment option in adults with chronic refractory epilepsy: efficacy and tolerability in clinical practice.
Glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide impairs insulin signaling via inducing adipocyte inflammation in glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide receptor-overexpressing adipocytes.
A critical review of vitamin C for the prevention of age-related cognitive decline and Alzheimer's disease.
The role of diet in the pathogenesis and management of irritable bowel syndrome (Review).
Dimethyl acetals, an indirect marker of the endogenous antioxidant plasmalogen level, are reduced in blood lipids of Sudanese pre-eclamptic subjects whose background diet is high in carbohydrate.
Sweet buttermilk intake reduces colonisation and translocation of Listeria monocytogenes in rats by inhibiting mucosal pathogen adherence.
CB(1) antagonism restores hepatic insulin sensitivity without normalization of adiposity in diet-induced obese dogs.
Fasting energy homeostasis in mice with adipose deficiency of desnutrin/adipose triglyceride lipase.
[High-fat diet not harmless--serious health risks have been surveyed. Atherosclerosis, breast and colonic cancer, depression, reduced memory, dependence...].
Carbohydrate substitution for fat or protein and risk of type 2 diabetes in male smokers.
Liver proteome changes induced by a short-term high-fat sucrose diet in wistar rats.
Coffee extract attenuates changes in cardiovascular and hepatic structure and function without decreasing obesity in high-carbohydrate, high-fat diet-fed male rats.
A novel inverse relationship between metformin-triggered AMPK-SIRT1 signaling and p53 protein abundance in high glucose-exposed HepG2 cells.
Reduction of TIP47 improves hepatic steatosis and glucose homeostasis in mice.
[Influence wheat bran on organism vitamin (experiment on rats)].
Psychological predictors of dietary intentions in pregnancy.
The NEEDNT Food List: non-essential, energy-dense, nutritionally-deficient foods.
Effect of exercise on the diurnal variation in energy substrate use during a high-fat diet.
Dietary fat and heart failure: moving from lipotoxicity to lipoprotection.
Maternal protein malnutrition does not impair insulin secretion from pancreatic islets of offspring after transplantation into diabetic rats.
Effects of a meal rich in 1,3-diacylglycerol on postprandial cardiovascular risk factors and the glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide in subjects with high fasting triacylglycerol concentrations.
Lipid levels in obese and nonobese subjects as predictors of fasting and postload glucose metabolism.
Effects of chitosan oligosaccharides on drug-metabolizing enzymes in rat liver and kidneys.
Obesity-insulin targeted genes in the 3p26-25 region in human studies and LG/J and SM/J mice.
Atf6α-null mice are glucose intolerant due to pancreatic β-cell failure on a high-fat diet but partially resistant to diet-induced insulin resistance.
Hypoglycemic and antioxidative effects of hydroxyethyl methylcellulose in mice fed with high fat diet.
A new effector of lipid metabolism: complement factor properdin.
Circulating ghrelin and GLP-1 are not affected by habitual diet.
The polyphenols resveratrol and S17834 prevent the structural and functional sequelae of diet-induced metabolic heart disease in mice.
Adipocyte-specific protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B deletion increases lipogenesis, adipocyte cell size and is a minor regulator of glucose homeostasis.
Use of participatory research and photo-voice to support urban Aboriginal healthy eating.
Outcomes of a Latino community-based intervention for the prevention of diabetes: the Lawrence Latino Diabetes Prevention Project.
Enteral leucine supplementation increases protein synthesis in skeletal and cardiac muscles and visceral tissues of neonatal pigs through mTORC1-dependent pathways.
Ghrelin contributes to derangements of glucose metabolism induced by rapamycin in mice.
Key articles of dietary interventions that influence cardiovascular mortality.
Barley-derived β-glucans increases gut permeability, ex vivo epithelial cell binding to E. coli, and naive T-cell proportions in weanling pigs.
Endotoxin increase after fat overload is related to postprandial hypertriglyceridemia in morbidly obese patients.
C57Bl/6 N mice on a western diet display reduced intestinal and hepatic cholesterol levels despite a plasma hypercholesterolemia.
Periconceptional influences on offspring sex ratio and placental responses.
Activation of natural killer T cells promotes M2 Macrophage polarization in adipose tissue and improves systemic glucose tolerance via interleukin-4 (IL-4)/STAT6 protein signaling axis in obesity.
Altering source or amount of dietary carbohydrate has acute and chronic effects on postprandial glucose and triglycerides in type 2 diabetes: Canadian trial of Carbohydrates in Diabetes (CCD).
Safety and efficacy of high-protein diets for weight loss.
Metformin use among individuals at risk for type 2 diabetes.
Genetic variation in the glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide receptor modifies the association between carbohydrate and fat intake and risk of type 2 diabetes in the Malmo Diet and Cancer cohort.
Cardiometabolic risk profiles and carotid atherosclerosis in individuals with prediabetes identified by fasting glucose, postchallenge glucose, and hemoglobin A1c criteria.
Effect of chitosan, O-carboxymethyl chitosan, and N-[(2-hydroxy-3-N,N-dimethylhexadecyl ammonium)propyl] chitosan chloride on overweight and insulin resistance in a murine diet-induced obesity.
Sex differences in the effect of high-fat diet feeding on rat white adipose tissue mitochondrial function and insulin sensitivity.
Aging does not reduce heat shock protein 70 in the absence of chronic insulin resistance.
Validity of glycated hemoglobin in screening and diagnosing type 2 diabetes mellitus in Chinese subjects.
Bone marrow p16INK4a-deficiency does not modulate obesity, glucose homeostasis or atherosclerosis development.
Effect of dietary nucleotide supplementation on performance and development of the gastrointestinal tract of broilers.
PTP1B and TCPTP--nonredundant phosphatases in insulin signaling and glucose homeostasis.
The comparison of insulin resistance frequency in patients with recurrent early pregnancy loss to normal individuals.
Comparison of high-protein diets and leucine supplementation in the prevention of metabolic syndrome and related disorders in mice.
Evaluation of two new surrogate indices including parameters not using insulin to assess insulin sensitivity/resistance in non-diabetic postmenopausal women: a MONET group study.
Analysis of in vitro chemoprevention of genotoxic damage by phytochemicals, as single agents or as combinations.
Testosterone and farnesoid X receptor agonist INT-747 counteract high fat diet-induced bladder alterations in a rabbit model of metabolic syndrome.
Comparison of the effects of weight loss from a high-protein versus standard-protein energy-restricted diet on strength and aerobic capacity in overweight and obese men.
Na+/H+-exchanger-1 inhibition counteracts diabetic cataract formation and retinal oxidative-nitrative stress and apoptosis.
Dietary fibers and cardiometabolic diseases.
Acidic polysaccharide extracts from Gastrodia Rhizomes suppress the atherosclerosis risk index through inhibition of the serum cholesterol composition in Sprague Dawley rats fed a high-fat diet.
Emodin prevents intrahepatic fat accumulation, inflammation and redox status imbalance during diet-induced hepatosteatosis in rats.
The type and quantity of dietary fat and carbohydrate alter faecal microbiome and short-chain fatty acid excretion in a metabolic syndrome 'at-risk' population.
Complete failure of insulin-transmitted signaling, but not obesity-induced insulin resistance, impairs respiratory chain function in muscle.
Effect of weight loss on metabolic control in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus: systematic review.
Long-term efficacy of high-protein diets: a systematic review.
Effects of low carbohydrate diets on weight and glycemic control among type 2 diabetes individuals: a systemic review of RCT greater than 12 weeks.
Guidelines for specialized nutritional and metabolic support in the critically-ill patient: update. Consensus SEMICYUC-SENPE: critically-ill burnt patient.
Guidelines for specialized nutritional and metabolic support in the critically-ill patient: update. Consensus SEMICYUC-SENPE: cardiac patient.
Duodenal-jejunal bypass surgery enhances glucose tolerance and beta-cell function in Western diet obese rats.
Stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1 (SCD1) augments saturated fatty acid-induced lipid accumulation and inhibits apoptosis in cardiac myocytes.
Acute effects of different glycemic index diets on serum motilin, orexin and neuropeptide Y concentrations in healthy individuals.
Risk of smoking and body mass index for incidence of diabetes mellitus in a rural Japanese population.
Long term metabolic impact of high protein neonatal feeding: a preliminary study in male rat pups born with a low birth weight.
Sweet and salty. An assessment of the snacks and beverages sold in vending machines on US post-secondary institution campuses.
Deletion of the androgen receptor in adipose tissue in male mice elevates retinol binding protein 4 and reveals independent effects on visceral fat mass and on glucose homeostasis.
A lifestyle intervention to reduce Type 2 diabetes risk in Dutch primary care: 2.5-year results of a randomized controlled trial.
Bioactive dietary polyphenols inhibit heme iron absorption in a dose-dependent manner in human intestinal Caco-2 cells.
Phenolic composition in different genotypes of Guabiju fruits (Myrcianthes pungens) and their potential as antioxidant and antichemotactic agents.
A profile of bioactive compounds of Rumex vesicarius L.
Jet-cooked high amylose corn starch and shortening composites for use in cake icings.
Muscle-specific knock-out of NUAK family SNF1-like kinase 1 (NUAK1) prevents high fat diet-induced glucose intolerance.
Carbohydrates, glycemic index, glycemic load, and colorectal cancer risk: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Taurine supplementation prevents morpho-physiological alterations in high-fat diet mice pancreatic β-cells.
Ketogenic diet and other dietary treatments for epilepsy.
Diet in acne: further evidence for the role of nutrient signalling in acne pathogenesis.
[Effects of sea cucumber cerebroside and its long-chain base on lipid and glucose metabolism in obese mice].
Beneficial effects of rosuvastatin on insulin resistance, adiposity, inflammatory markers and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mice fed on a high-fat diet.
Television advertising and branding. Effects on eating behaviour and food preferences in children.
Chronic β2 adrenergic agonist, but not exercise, improves glucose handling in older type 2 diabetic mice.
Effect of Sutherlandia frutescens on the lipid metabolism in an insulin resistant rat model and 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
Gender difference following high cholesterol diet induced renal injury and the protective role of rutin and ascorbic acid combination in Wistar albino rats.
Extract from Dioscorea batatas ameliorates insulin resistance in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Metformin decreases plasma resistin concentrations in pediatric patients with impaired glucose tolerance: a placebo-controlled randomized clinical trial.
Consumption of red meat and whole-grain bread in relation to biomarkers of obesity, inflammation, glucose metabolism and oxidative stress.
Retrotransposons control fruit-specific, cold-dependent accumulation of anthocyanins in blood oranges.
Dextran sodium sulfate (DSS) induces colitis in mice by forming nano-lipocomplexes with medium-chain-length fatty acids in the colon.
Carbohydrate but not fat is associated with elevated aminotransferases.
Effects of pioglitazone and/or simvastatin on circulating TNFα and adiponectin levels in insulin resistance.
Carbohydrate supplementation and exercise performance at high altitude: a randomized controlled trial.
Microvascular blood flow responses to muscle contraction are not altered by high-fat feeding in rats.
Diabetes mellitus type 2 in urban Ghana: characteristics and associated factors.
Dietary green and white teas suppress UDP-glucuronosyltransferase UGT2B17 mediated testosterone glucuronidation.
The effects of designed angiopoietin-1 variant on lipid droplet diameter, vascular endothelial cell density and metabolic parameters in diabetic db/db mice.
Fasting APO B48 levels are associated with microalbuminuria in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Trends in adolescent eating behaviour: a multilevel cross-sectional study of 11-15 year olds in Scotland, 2002-2010.
Advanced glycation end products induce a prothrombotic phenotype in mice via interaction with platelet CD36.
Streptococcus mutans out-competes Streptococcus gordonii in vivo.
Honey collected from different floras of Chandigarh Tricity: a comparative study involving physicochemical parameters and biochemical activities.
An open-label study on the effect of flax seed powder (Linum usitatissimum) supplementation in the management of diabetes mellitus.
Antidiabetic and antioxidant effect of Semecarpus anacardium Linn. nut milk extract in a high-fat diet STZ-induced type 2 diabetic rat model.
Impact of short-term dietary modification on postprandial oxidative stress.
Hypolipidemic effect of diet supplementation with bacterial levan in cholesterol-fed rats.
Insulin sensitivity deteriorates after short-term lifestyle intervention in the insulin sensitive phenotype of obesity.
Loss of mitochondrial protease OMA1 alters processing of the GTPase OPA1 and causes obesity and defective thermogenesis in mice.
Postprandial platelet aggregation: effects of different meals and glycemic index.
Chromium picolinate modulates serotonergic properties and carbohydrate metabolism in a rat model of diabetes.
The impact of insulin administration during the mixed meal tolerance test.
Effect of lactose on gut microbiota and metabolome of infants with cow's milk allergy.
Optimal energy distribution of carbohydrate intake for Japanese elderly patients with type 2 diabetes: the Japanese Elderly Intervention Trial.
Re-alimentation strategy to manoeuvre body condition and carcass characteristics in cull ewes.
In vitro study of dietary factors affecting the biohydrogenation shift from trans-11 to trans-10 fatty acids in the rumen of dairy cows.
Supplementation with non-fibrous carbohydrates reduced fiber digestibility and did not improve microbial protein synthesis in sheep fed fresh forage of two nutritive values.
Chronic high-carbohydrate, high-fat feeding in rats induces reversible metabolic, cardiovascular, and liver changes.
Ameliorative effect of tamarind leaf on fluoride-induced metabolic alterations.
Early exposure to a high-fat diet has more drastic consequences on metabolism compared with exposure during adulthood in rats.
Sex-specific effect of estrogen sulfotransferase on mouse models of type 2 diabetes.
Antihyperglycemic and antihyperlipidemic effects of guar gum on streptozotocin-induced diabetes in male rats.
Dietary patterns of adolescents in Germany--associations with nutrient intake and other health related lifestyle characteristics.
Integration of the effects of animal and dietary factors on total dry matter intake of dairy cows fed silage-based diets.
Meta-analysis of dietary glycemic load and glycemic index in relation to risk of coronary heart disease.
Effects of feeding green forage of sulla (Hedysarum coronarium L.) on lamb growth and carcass and meat quality.
Influence of hyperpolarization caused by high salt diet on β-adrenoceptor-mediated responses in rat pulmonary artery.
Effect of lovastatin therapy and withdrawal on serum uric acid level in people with type 2 diabetic nephropathy.
Downregulation of chemerin and alleviation of endoplasmic reticulum stress by metformin in adipose tissue of rats.
Enteric and manure-derived methane and nitrogen emissions as well as metabolic energy losses in cows fed balanced diets based on maize, barley or grass hay.
Intestinal fatty acid infusion modulates food preference as well as calorie intake via the vagal nerve and midbrain-hypothalamic neural pathways in rats.
The interplay between toxin-releasing β-glucosidase and plant iridoid glycosides impairs larval development in a generalist caterpillar, Grammia incorrupta (Arctiidae).
Eating regulation styles, appearance schemas, and body satisfaction predict changes in body fat for emerging adults.
Association of total energy intake and macronutrient consumption with colorectal cancer risk: results from a large population-based case-control study in Newfoundland and Labrador and Ontario, Canada.
Therapeutic effects of tender coconut water on oxidative stress in fructose fed insulin resistant hypertensive rats.
Anti-obesity and hypolipidemic effects of Rheum undulatum in high-fat diet-fed C57BL/6 mice through protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B inhibition.
Dietary habits in women with recurrent idiopathic calcium nephrolithiasis.
Fasting capillary blood glucose: an appropriate measurement in screening for diabetes and pre-diabetes in low-resource rural settings.
Deletion of prolyl carboxypeptidase attenuates the metabolic effects of diet-induced obesity.
Characterization of the longissimus lumborum transcriptome response to adding propionate to the diet of growing Angus beef steers.
Fat intake leads to differential response of rat adipocytes to glucose, insulin and ascorbic acid.
[Effects of a low-fat and high-carbohydrate diet on the physiological and biochemical indices in healthy youth with different body mass index].
Metabolic profile in two physically active Inuit groups consuming either a western or a traditional Inuit diet.
High-protein-low-carbohydrate diet during pregnancy alters maternal plasma amino acid concentration and placental amino acid extraction but not fetal plasma amino acids in pigs.
Maternal high-fat diet programs for metabolic disturbances in offspring despite leptin sensitivity.
Carbohydrate nutrition is associated with changes in the retinal vascular structure and branching pattern in children.
Ping-tang Recipe () improves insulin resistance and attenuates hepatic steatosis in high-fat diet-induced obese rats.
Jueming Prescription reduces body weight by increasing the mRNA expressions of beta3-adrenergic receptor and uncoupling protein-2 in adipose tissue of diet-induced obese rats.
Resistant starches protect against colonic DNA damage and alter microbiota and gene expression in rats fed a Western diet.
Biotechnology and pasta-making: lactic Acid bacteria as a new driver of innovation.
Effects of feeding increasing dietary levels of high oleic or regular sunflower or linseed oil on fatty acid profile of goat milk.
Fructo-oligosaccharide effects on blood glucose: an overview.
Beraprost sodium, a stable prostacyclin analogue, improves insulin resistance in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
(Still) longing for food: insulin reactivity modulates response to food pictures.
Uncoupling protein-2 protects endothelial function in diet-induced obese mice.
Development and acceptability of a novel milk-free soybean-maize-sorghum ready-to-use therapeutic food (SMS-RUTF) based on industrial extrusion cooking process.
TNFα gene knockout differentially affects lipid deposition in liver and skeletal muscle of high-fat-diet mice.
Lipoic acid administration prevents nonalcoholic steatosis linked to long-term high-fat feeding by modulating mitochondrial function.
Maternal green tea extract supplementation to rats fed a high-fat diet ameliorates insulin resistance in adult male offspring.
Elevated level of C-reactive protein is associated with risk of prediabetes in Indians.
Association between dietary carbohydrate, glycemic index, glycemic load, and the prevalence of obesity in Korean men and women.
Dietary protein intake is associated with favorable cardiometabolic risk factors in adults: Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study.
Out-of-hand nut consumption is associated with improved nutrient intake and health risk markers in US children and adults: National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 1999-2004.
Chitooligosaccharide ameliorates diet-induced obesity in mice and affects adipose gene expression involved in adipogenesis and inflammation.
Prevention mechanisms of glucose intolerance and obesity by cacao liquor procyanidin extract in high-fat diet-fed C57BL/6 mice.
High urinary levels of resveratrol metabolites are associated with a reduction in the prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors in high-risk patients.
Sensitivity of A1C to diagnose diabetes is decreased in high-risk older Southeast Asians.
Prevalence of overweight in children of obese patients: a dietary overview.
Advanced glycation end products (AGE) induce the receptor for AGE in the colonic mucosa of azoxymethane-injected Fischer 344 rats fed with a high-linoleic acid and high-glucose diet.
Long-term high fructose and saturated fat diet affects plasma fatty acid profile in rats.
Impact of dietary flaxseed (linum usitatissimum) supplementation on biochemical profile in healthy rats.
[Compliance with current dietary recommendations and geographical variability of diet in women participating in 7 screening programs for breast cancer in Spain].
The nervous system and metabolic dysregulation: emerging evidence converges on ketogenic diet therapy.
Tetrahydro iso-alpha acids from hops improve glucose homeostasis and reduce body weight gain and metabolic endotoxemia in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Platycodon grandiflorum modifies adipokines and the glucose uptake in high-fat diet in mice and L6 muscle cells.
Effects of pistachios on body weight in Chinese subjects with metabolic syndrome.
The optimal dietary fat to carbohydrate ratio to prevent obesity in the Japanese population: a review of the epidemiological, physiological and molecular evidence.
Proteinuria and glomerular damage in Rab3A knockout mice chronically fed a high-glucose diet.
The role and requirements of digestible dietary carbohydrates in infants and toddlers.
'Metabolic syndrome' in the brain: deficiency in omega-3 fatty acid exacerbates dysfunctions in insulin receptor signalling and cognition.
Fenretinide prevents lipid-induced insulin resistance by blocking ceramide biosynthesis.
Insulin resistance promotes early atherosclerosis via increased proinflammatory proteins and oxidative stress in fructose-fed ApoE-KO mice.
Changes in serum lipids and blood glucose in non diabetic patients with metabolic syndrome after mixed meals of different composition.
Tangeretin stimulates glucose uptake via regulation of AMPK signaling pathways in C2C12 myotubes and improves glucose tolerance in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Impact of the quantity and flavonoid content of fruits and vegetables on markers of intake in adults with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease: the FLAVURS trial.
Compensatory recovery of blood glucose levels in KKA(y) mice fed a high-fat diet: insulin-sparing effects of PACAP overexpression in β cells.
Heritability and genetic correlations explained by common SNPs for metabolic syndrome traits.
An ethanol extract of Artemisia iwayomogi activates PPARδ leading to activation of fatty acid oxidation in skeletal muscle.
Resolving the sources of plasma glucose excursions following a glucose tolerance test in the rat with deuterated water and [U-13C]glucose.
The effects of adjuvant insulin therapy among pregnant women with IGT who failed to achieve the desired glycemia levels by diet and moderate physical activity.
Effects of habitual diet on ethnic differences in serum total ghrelin.
Design, synthesis and biological evaluation of thiazole- and indole-based derivatives for the treatment of type II diabetes.
Chromium picolinate and chromium histidinate protects against renal dysfunction by modulation of NF-κB pathway in high-fat diet fed and Streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Ameliorative effect of berberine on renal damage in rats with diabetes induced by high-fat diet and streptozotocin.
Macronutrient-induced differences in food intake relate with hepatic oxidative metabolism and hypothalamic regulatory neuropeptides in rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss).
The saponin-rich fraction of a Gymnema sylvestre R. Br. aqueous leaf extract reduces cafeteria and high-fat diet-induced obesity.
High normal HbA(1c) levels were associated with impaired insulin secretion without escalating insulin resistance in Japanese individuals: the Toranomon Hospital Health Management Center Study 8 (TOPICS 8).
Personal food systems of male collegiate football players: a grounded theory investigation.
Antihyperglycemic and antioxidative effects of Hydroxyethyl Methylcellulose (HEMC) and Hydroxypropyl Methylcellulose (HPMC) in mice fed with a high fat diet.
Lymphocytes mitochondrial physiology as biomarker of energy metabolism during fasted and fed conditions.
A high-fat diet reverses improvement in glucose tolerance induced by duodenal-jejunal bypass in type 2 diabetic rats.
Effects of n-6 PUFAs compared with SFAs on liver fat, lipoproteins, and inflammation in abdominal obesity: a randomized controlled trial.
Increasing plasma free fatty acids in healthy subjects induces aortic distensibility changes seen in obesity.
The age associations of blood pressure, cholesterol, and glucose: analysis of health examination surveys from international populations.
Prevalence and risk factors of pre-diabetes after renal transplantation: a single-centre cohort study in 200 consecutive patients.
The association of fasting insulin, glucose, and lipids with bone mass in adolescents: findings from a cross-sectional study.
Influence of high glycemic index and glycemic load diets on blood pressure during adolescence.
Adaptive evolution in the glucose transporter 4 gene Slc2a4 in Old World fruit bats (family: Pteropodidae).
[Anti-lipotoxic action of sesamin on renovascular hypertensive rats fed with a high-fat, high-sucrose diet].
The effects of high-intensity resistance exercise on the blood lipid profile and liver function in hypercholesterolemic hamsters.
Effects of long-term feeding of chitosan on postprandial lipid responses and lipid metabolism in a high-sucrose-diet-impaired glucose-tolerant rat model.
Association between commercial and traditional sugar-sweetened beverages and measures of adiposity in Costa Rica.
Impact of smoking cessation on incidence of diabetes mellitus among overweight or normal-weight Japanese men.
Association of metabolic syndrome, atherosclerosis risk factors, sex hormones in ED in aboriginal Taiwanese.
Role of nutrition and microbiota in susceptibility to inflammatory bowel diseases.
Metabolite profiling identifies pathways associated with metabolic risk in humans.
Extending food deprivation reverses the short-term lipolytic response to fasting: role of the triacylglycerol/fatty acid cycle.
Skeletal muscle respiratory capacity is enhanced in rats consuming an obesogenic Western diet.
Changes in glucose tolerance and leptin responsiveness of rats offered a choice of lard, sucrose, and chow.
Constraints on energy intake in fish: the link between diet composition, energy metabolism, and energy intake in rainbow trout.
Inverse correlation between serum levels of selenoprotein P and adiponectin in patients with type 2 diabetes.
The ARIC predictive model reliably predicted risk of type II diabetes in Asian populations.
High glycemic diet and breast cancer occurrence in the Italian EPIC cohort.
Patterns of dietary supplement use among older men and women in the UK: findings from the Hertfordshire Cohort Study.
Expression-based genome-wide association study links the receptor CD44 in adipose tissue with type 2 diabetes.
High incidence of insulin resistance and dysglycemia amongst nondiabetic cardiac surgical patients.
Lack of 'immunological fitness' during fasting in metabolically challenged animals.
Unhealthy diet and ultrafine carbon black particles induce senescence and disease associated phenotypic changes.
Beneficial effects of Trigonella foenum graecum and sodium orthovanadate on metabolic parameters in experimental diabetes.
The ketogenic diet as a treatment paradigm for diverse neurological disorders.
Genistein ameliorates hyperglycemia in a mouse model of nongenetic type 2 diabetes.
Yacon flour and Bifidobacterium longum modulate bone health in rats.
Carbohydrate- and lipid-enriched meals acutely disrupt glycemic homeostasis by inducing transient insulin resistance in rats.
Fasting hyperglycaemia blunts the reversal of impaired glucose tolerance after exercise training in obese older adults.
Early mitochondrial adaptations in skeletal muscle to diet-induced obesity are strain dependent and determine oxidative stress and energy expenditure but not insulin sensitivity.
Added sugar, glycemic index and load in colon cancer risk.
The angiogenic inhibitor TNP-470 decreases caloric intake and weight gain in high-fat fed mice.
Metabolic signatures of insulin resistance in 7,098 young adults.
Fasting insulin level is positively associated with incidence of hypertension among American young adults: a 20-year follow-up study.
Vildagliptin added to metformin on β-cell function after a euglycemic hyperinsulinemic and hyperglycemic clamp in type 2 diabetes patients.
A high-fat diet enhances proliferation of prostate cancer cells and activates MCP-1/CCR2 signaling.
Macrophage inhibitory cytokine 1 (MIC-1/GDF15) decreases food intake, body weight and improves glucose tolerance in mice on normal &amp; obesogenic diets.
Intestinal permeability and nutritional status in developmental disorders.
High-amylose resistant starch increases hormones and improves structure and function of the gastrointestinal tract: a microarray study.
Assessing nutritional status of acute intermittent porphyria patients.
Metabolic liver disease.
Prevalence, risk factors and awareness of albuminuria on a Canadian First Nation: a community-based screening study.
Influence of food restriction on lipid profile and spontaneous glucose levels in male rats subjected to paradoxical sleep deprivation.
Interleukin-6 mediates exercise-induced increase in insulin sensitivity in mice.
Intrauterine growth retardation increases the susceptibility of pigs to high-fat diet-induced mitochondrial dysfunction in skeletal muscle.
Diet intervention reduces uptake of αvβ3 integrin-targeted PET tracer 18F-galacto-RGD in mouse atherosclerotic plaques.
HELP apheresis in hypercholesterolemia and cardiovascular disease: efficacy and adverse events after 8,500 procedures.
Elephant grass, sugarcane, and rice bran in diets for confined sheep.
Postmenopausal vegetarians' low serum ferritin level may reduce the risk for metabolic syndrome.
Impact of short-term high-fat feeding and insulin-stimulated FGF21 levels in subjects with low birth weight and controls.
Glucose and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol lowering in elderly patients with type 2 diabetes: focus on combination therapy with colesevelam HCl.
Procyanidins improve some disrupted glucose homoeostatic situations: an analysis of doses and treatments according to different animal models.
High fasting serum glucose in non-diabetic subjects ≥45 years is an indicator of future cardiovascular events as it is positively associated with atherogenic index of plasma.
Synthesis and evaluation of 5-benzylidenethiazolidine-2,4-dione derivatives for the treatment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Are increased carotid artery pulsatility and resistance indexes early signs of vascular abnormalities in young obese males?
Evaluation of coronary band temperatures in healthy horses.
A phytochemical approach to experimental metabolic syndrome-associated renal damage and oxidative stress.
Quercetin ameliorates cardiovascular, hepatic, and metabolic changes in diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rats.
Supplementation with cyanidin-3-O-β-glucoside protects against hypercholesterolemia-mediated endothelial dysfunction and attenuates atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice.
Effects of restricted fructose access on body weight and blood pressure circadian rhythms.
Effect of broccoli sprouts on insulin resistance in type 2 diabetic patients: a randomized double-blind clinical trial.
Potential effects of chocolate on human pregnancy: a randomized controlled trial.
A minimally invasive system for glucose area under the curve measurement using interstitial fluid extraction technology: evaluation of the accuracy and usefulness with oral glucose tolerance tests in subjects with and without diabetes.
Krill powder increases liver lipid catabolism and reduces glucose mobilization in tumor necrosis factor-alpha transgenic mice fed a high-fat diet.
Performance of a glucose meter with a built-in automated bolus calculator versus manual bolus calculation in insulin-using subjects.
Ellagic acid attenuates high-carbohydrate, high-fat diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rats.
Serum vaspin concentrations are closely related to insulin resistance, and rs77060950 at SERPINA12 genetically defines distinct group with higher serum levels in Japanese population.
Prebiotics and bioactive natural substances induce changes of composition and metabolic activities of the colonic microflora in cancerous rats.
The effect of a low-carbohydrate/high-monounsaturated fatty acid liquid diet and an isoleucine-containing liquid diet on 24-h glycemic variability in diabetes patients on tube feeding: a comparison by continuous glucose monitoring.
Exenatide plus metformin compared with metformin alone on β-cell function in patients with Type 2 diabetes.
A cardiac microRNA governs systemic energy homeostasis by regulation of MED13.
Forage proportion and particle length affects the supply of amino acids in lactating dairy cows.
Long-term high-fat diet links the regulation of the insulin-sensitizing fibroblast growth factor-21 and visfatin.
Effect of rosiglitazone on the expression of cardiac adiponectin receptors and NADPH oxidase in type 2 diabetic rats.
Potential effects of lignan-enriched flaxseed powder on bodyweight, visceral fat, lipid profile, and blood pressure in rats.
A long-term high-fat diet increases oxidative stress, mitochondrial damage and apoptosis in the inner ear of D-galactose-induced aging rats.
Simultaneous stressors: interactive effects of an immune challenge and dietary toxin can be detrimental to honeybees.
Increased hepatic de novo lipogenesis and mitochondrial efficiency in a model of obesity induced by diets rich in fructose.
Metabolic effects of the iodothyronine functional analogue TRC150094 on the liver and skeletal muscle of high-fat diet fed overweight rats: an integrated proteomic study.
Protective effect of tannins from Ficus racemosa in hypercholesterolemia and diabetes induced vascular tissue damage in rats.
In vivo delivery of cell-permeable antisense hypoxia-inducible factor 1α oligonucleotide to adipose tissue reduces adiposity in obese mice.
The lipogenic transcription factor ChREBP dissociates hepatic steatosis from insulin resistance in mice and humans.
Effects of increased dietary cholesterol with carbohydrate restriction on hepatic lipid metabolism in Guinea pigs.
Persistence of uncontrolled cardiovascular risk factors in patients treated with percutaneous interventions for stable coronary artery disease not receiving cardiac rehabilitation.
Fagopyrum tataricum (buckwheat) improved high-glucose-induced insulin resistance in mouse hepatocytes and diabetes in fructose-rich diet-induced mice.
Evaluation of oral health related to body mass index.
Evaluation of the antihyperlipidemic, anti-inflammatory, analgesic, and antipyretic activities of ethanolic extract of Ammi majus seeds in albino rats and mice.
Improved blood glucose disposal and altered insulin secretion patterns in adenosine A(1) receptor knockout mice.
Central versus peripheral impact of estradiol on the impaired glucose metabolism in ovariectomized mice on a high-fat diet.
Cholesteryl ester transfer protein inhibition as a strategy to reduce cardiovascular risk.
Raspberry ketone protects rats fed high-fat diets against nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
Adipose triglyceride lipase and hormone-sensitive lipase protein expression in subcutaneous adipose tissue is decreased after an isoenergetic low-fat high-complex carbohydrate diet in the metabolic syndrome.
The effect of low- and high-fiber diets on the population of entodiniomorphid ciliates Troglodytella abrassarti in captive chimpanzees (Pan troglodytes).
Exercise training attenuates hepatic inflammation, fibrosis and macrophage infiltration during diet induced-obesity in mice.
Increased homocysteinemia is associated with beneficial effects on body weight after long-term high-protein, low-fat diet in rats.
Potential antidiabetic effect of the Semecarpus anacardium in a type 2 diabetic rat model.
Steatohepatitis in laboratory opossums exhibiting a high lipemic response to dietary cholesterol and fat.
Effects of fat, protein, and carbohydrate and protein load on appetite, plasma cholecystokinin, peptide YY, and ghrelin, and energy intake in lean and obese men.
The glucocorticoid-induced leucine zipper (gilz/Tsc22d3-2) gene locus plays a crucial role in male fertility.
Changes in insulin sensitivity precede changes in body composition during 14 days of step reduction combined with overfeeding in healthy young men.
Hyperlipidemia and atherosclerotic lesion development in Ldlr-deficient mice on a long-term high-fat diet.
A two-step screening, measurement of HbA1c in association with FPG, may be useful in predicting diabetes.
Dietary fiber content influences soluble carbohydrate levels in ruminal fluids.
Adiponutrin functions as a nutritionally regulated lysophosphatidic acid acyltransferase.
A primary care register for impaired glucose handling (IGH): impact on cardiometabolic profile.
Hepatic Hdac3 promotes gluconeogenesis by repressing lipid synthesis and sequestration.
Systemic hemodynamic changes in young and elderly normotensive individuals after ingestion of meals with high lipid, protein, and carbohydrate contents.
The nuclear receptor REV-ERBα is required for the daily balance of carbohydrate and lipid metabolism.
Circulating metabolite predictors of glycemia in middle-aged men and women.
Phenotypic discrepancies in acetyl-CoA carboxylase 2-deficient mice.
Effects of PPARs agonists on cardiac metabolism in littermate and cardiomyocyte-specific PPAR-γ-knockout (CM-PGKO) mice.
The ketogenic diet is an effective adjuvant to radiation therapy for the treatment of malignant glioma.
Effects of Bu-Zhong-Yi-Qi-Tang on hepatic drug-metabolizing enzymes and plasma tolbutamide concentration in rats.
Effects of perinatal exposure to palatable diets on body weight and sensitivity to drugs of abuse in rats.
Effects of saxagliptin and sitagliptin on glycaemic control and pancreatic β-cell mass in a streptozotocin-induced mouse model of type 2 diabetes.
Dietary benzo(a)pyrene and fetal growth: effect modification by vitamin C intake and glutathione S-transferase P1 polymorphism.
Differences in nutrient intake associated with state laws regarding fat, sugar, and caloric content of competitive foods.
Severe maternal hyperglycemia exacerbates the development of insulin resistance and fatty liver in the offspring on high fat diet.
High sugar-induced insulin resistance in Drosophila relies on the lipocalin Neural Lazarillo.
Parental history of type 2 diabetes and cardiometabolic biomarkers in offspring.
Activating cardiac E2F1 induces up-regulation of pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase 4 in mice on a short term of high fat feeding.
Caveolin-3 is involved in the protection of resveratrol against high-fat-diet-induced insulin resistance by promoting GLUT4 translocation to the plasma membrane in skeletal muscle of ovariectomized rats.
Trans fatty acid intake is associated with insulin sensitivity but independently of inflammation.
Effects of long-term high-fat/high-energy and high-protein diets on insulin and ghrelin expression in developing rats.
Ginsenoside Re rapidly reverses insulin resistance in muscles of high-fat diet fed rats.
Lipoprotein subfractions and dietary intake of n-3 fatty acid: the Genetics of Coronary Artery Disease in Alaska Natives study.
A lower proportion of dietary saturated/monounsaturated/polyunsaturated fatty acids reduces the expression of adiponectin in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Caffeic acid phenethyl ester reduces the activation of the nuclear factor κB pathway by high-fat diet-induced obesity in mice.
The sweet side of life: nectar sugar type and concentration preference in Wahlberg's epauletted fruit bat.
Chronic ingestion of a Western diet increases O-linked-β-N-acetylglucosamine (O-GlcNAc) protein modification in the rat heart.
The prolonged survival of fibroblasts with forced lipid catabolism in visceral fat following encapsulation in alginate-poly-L-lysine.
Feeding of oak (Quercus leucotrichophora) leaves and evaluation for its potential inclusion in the feeding of native heifers of Kumaon Himalaya.
Obesity, insulin resistance and diabetes in the sand rat exposed to a hypercaloric diet; possible protective effect for IL1-β.
Changes in dietary macronutrient profile do not appear to affect endogenous urinary oxalate excretion in healthy adult cats.
Association of mate tea (Ilex paraguariensis) intake and dietary intervention and effects on oxidative stress biomarkers of dyslipidemic subjects.
EDTA disodium zinc has superior bioavailability compared to common inorganic or chelated zinc compounds in rats fed a high phytic acid diet.
Protective potentials of wild rice (Zizania latifolia (Griseb) Turcz) against obesity and lipotoxicity induced by a high-fat/cholesterol diet in rats.
The interplay among dietary fat, sugar, protein and açai (Euterpe oleracea Mart.) pulp in modulating lifespan and reproduction in a Tephritid fruit fly.
Calcium deficiency reduces circulating levels of FGF23.
Intra-amniotic administration and dietary inulin affect the iron status and intestinal functionality of iron-deficient broiler chickens.
Performance, egg quality, and immune response of laying hens fed diets supplemented with mannan-oligosaccharide or an essential oil mixture under moderate and hot environmental conditions.
Using corn starch as basal diet to determine the true metabolizable energy of protein feedstuffs in Chinese Yellow chickens.
Genetic and genome-wide transcriptomic analyses identify co-regulation of oxidative response and hormone transcript abundance with vitamin C content in tomato fruit.
Dietary glycemic index, glycemic load, and the risk of endometrial cancer: a case-control study and meta-analysis.
Against the stream: relevance of gluconeogenesis from fatty acids for natives of the arctic regions.
Coffee melanoidins: structures, mechanisms of formation and potential health impacts.
Effect of zinc supplementation on type 2 diabetes parameters and liver metallothionein expressions in Wistar rats.
Influence of dairy product and milk fat consumption on cardiovascular disease risk: a review of the evidence.
Regulation of hepatic glucose uptake and storage in vivo.
Molecular mechanism underlying sialic acid as an essential nutrient for brain development and cognition.
The AMPK β2 subunit is required for energy homeostasis during metabolic stress.
Overfeeding reduces insulin sensitivity and increases oxidative stress, without altering markers of mitochondrial content and function in humans.
Ceramide mediates vascular dysfunction in diet-induced obesity by PP2A-mediated dephosphorylation of the eNOS-Akt complex.
Progressive-ratio responding for palatable high-fat and high-sugar food in mice.
The impact of complex cardiac rehabilitation on manifestation of risk factors in patients with coronary heart disease.
Extent, causes, and consequences of small RNA expression variation in human adipose tissue.
[Resveratrol--phytophenol with wide activity].
Effectiveness of fortification of drinking water with iron and vitamin C in the reduction of anemia and improvement of nutritional status in children attending day-care centers in Belo Horizonte, Brazil.
New beverages of lemon juice with elderberry and grape concentrates as a source of bioactive compounds.
The sympathetic nervous system regulates the three glycerol-3P generation pathways in white adipose tissue of fasted, diabetic and high-protein diet-fed rats.
Juvenile, but not adult exposure to high-fat diet impairs relational memory and hippocampal neurogenesis in mice.
Mice lacking δ-opioid receptors resist the development of diet-induced obesity.
Discovery of an S-equol rich food stinky tofu, a traditional fermented soy product in Taiwan.
Obestatin regulates adipocyte function and protects against diet-induced insulin resistance and inflammation.
Towards creating a superstimulus to normalise glucose metabolism in the prediabetic: a case-study in the feast-famine and activity-rest cycle.
Effect of a LoBAG30 diet on protein metabolism in men with type 2 diabetes. A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Time-restricted feeding without reducing caloric intake prevents metabolic diseases in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Exacerbation of diabetic nephropathy by hyperlipidaemia is mediated by Toll-like receptor 4 in mice.
Arachidonic acid/docosahexaenoic acid-supplemented diet in early life reduces body weight gain, plasma lipids, and adiposity in later life in ApoE*3Leiden mice.
Insulin resistance improves metabolic and contractile efficiency in stressed rat heart.
[Effect of L-arabinose on glucose and lipid metabolism in type 2 diabetic rats].
Sucrose-rich feeding during rat pregnancy-lactation and/or after weaning alters glucose and lipid metabolism in adult offspring.
Differential insulin response to myo-inositol administration in obese polycystic ovary syndrome patients.
Leucine improves glucose and lipid status in offspring from obese dams, dependent on diet type, but not caloric intake.
A cheese-containing diet modulates immune responses and alleviates dextran sodium sulfate-induced colitis in mice.
Quantifying phytate in dairy digesta and feces: alkaline extraction and high-performance ion chromatography.
Substitution of starch by soluble fiber and Saccharomyces cerevisiae dose response on nutrient digestion and blood metabolites for precision-fed dairy heifers.
Seasonal variations of biochemical, pigment, fatty acid, and sterol compositions in female Crassostrea corteziensis oysters in relation to the reproductive cycle.
FTO expression is regulated by availability of essential amino acids.
Copeptin, a marker of vasopressin, in abdominal obesity, diabetes and microalbuminuria: the prospective Malmö Diet and Cancer Study cardiovascular cohort.
No effect of the FitFor2 exercise programme on blood glucose, insulin sensitivity, and birthweight in pregnant women who were overweight and at risk for gestational diabetes: results of a randomised controlled trial.
Consumption of added sugar among U.S. children and adolescents, 2005-2008.
Plasma total antioxidant capacity is associated with dietary intake and plasma level of antioxidants in postmenopausal women.
Genetic-related and carbohydrate-related factors affecting liver fat accumulation.
Dietary carbohydrate/lipid ratios affect stress, oxidative status and non-specific immune responses of fingerling blunt snout bream, Megalobrama amblycephala.
Infusion of mesenchymal stem cells ameliorates hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetic rats: identification of a novel role in improving insulin sensitivity.
Apolipoprotein A-IV improves glucose homeostasis by enhancing insulin secretion.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress induces the expression of fetuin-A to develop insulin resistance.
Hepatic Src homology phosphatase 2 regulates energy balance in mice.
PPARγ agonist pioglitazone reverses memory impairment and biochemical changes in a mouse model of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A new preventive strategy for hypoglycemia incorporating added food diet in patients with type 2 diabetes who received sitagliptin therapy.
[Impact of periodontal disease on arterial pressure in diabetic mice].
Tributyrin attenuates obesity-associated inflammation and insulin resistance in high-fat-fed mice.
Cardioprotective effects of metformin and vildagliptin in adult rats with insulin resistance induced by a high-fat diet.
Metabolic syndrome in obese adolescents: a comparison of three different diagnostic criteria.
Insulin resistance in children with primary nephrotic syndrome and normal renal function.
Sweet potato-based complementary food for infants in low-income countries.
Gelam honey inhibits lipopolysaccharide-induced endotoxemia in rats through the induction of heme oxygenase-1 and the inhibition of cytokines, nitric oxide, and high-mobility group protein B1.
High-frequency variant p.T60M in NaCl cotransporter and blood pressure variability in Han Chinese.
Effect of diet composition and weight loss on resting energy expenditure in the POUNDS LOST study.
Low muscle glycogen concentration does not suppress the anabolic response to resistance exercise.
Determination of nutritional and energy value of Viburnum mullaha Buch.-Ham. Ex D. Don (Indian cranberry).
Preventive and curative effect of Trigonella foenum-graecum L. seeds in C57BL/6J models of type 2 diabetes induced by high-fat diet.
[The level of knowledge concerning cardiovascular risk factors in people living in Naguanagua, Venezuela].
[Glycosylated haemoglobin A1c compared to fasting plasma glucose in outpatients referred to a medical laboratory].
Potato consumption and cardiovascular disease risk factors among Iranian population.
What dietary modification best improves insulin sensitivity and why?
Water and sugar-sweetened beverage consumption and changes in BMI among Brazilian fourth graders after 1-year follow-up.
Xanthohumol lowers body weight and fasting plasma glucose in obese male Zucker fa/fa rats.
A risk score for predicting the incidence of type 2 diabetes in a middle-aged Korean cohort: the Korean genome and epidemiology study.
Fast food consumption in Iranian adults; dietary intake and cardiovascular risk factors: Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study.
Garcinia buchananii bark extract is an effective anti-diarrheal remedy for lactose-induced diarrhea.
Protein v. carbohydrate intake differentially affects liking- and wanting-related brain signalling.
High lactose tolerance in North Europeans: a result of migration, not in situ milk consumption.
Gender differences in adiponectin modulation of cardiac remodeling in mice deficient in endothelial nitric oxide synthase.
A randomised study on the effects of fish protein supplement on glucose tolerance, lipids and body composition in overweight adults.
Reduction of dietary glycaemic load modifies the expression of microRNA potentially associated with energy balance and cancer pathways in pre-menopausal women.
Predictive value of first fasting plasma glucose compared with admission plasma glucose for undiagnosed diabetes in a stable cardiology population.
Rapid onset of renal sympathetic nerve activation in rabbits fed a high-fat diet.
Effect of a high-fructose diet on glucose tolerance, plasma lipid and hemorheological parameters during oral contraceptive administration in female rats.
Glycemic index, glycemic load and endometrial cancer risk: results from the Australian National Endometrial Cancer study and an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Slc2a8 deficiency in mice results in reproductive and growth impairments.
Low-glycemic load decreases postprandial insulin and glucose and increases postprandial ghrelin in white but not black women.
Greater whole-grain intake is associated with lower risk of type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and weight gain.
Topiramate-induced modulation of hepatic molecular mechanisms: an aspect for its anti-insulin resistant effect.
Dietary 1-monoolein decreases postprandial GIP release by reducing jejunal transport of glucose and fatty acid in rodents.
Genetic ablation of Adamts13 gene dramatically accelerates the formation of early atherosclerosis in a murine model.
FOXO1 in the ventromedial hypothalamus regulates energy balance.
G protein-coupled receptor 21 deletion improves insulin sensitivity in diet-induced obese mice.
Comparative effects of low-carbohydrate high-protein versus low-fat diets on the kidney.
Chronic prednisolone treatment aggravates hyperglycemia in mice fed a high-fat diet but does not worsen dietary fat-induced insulin resistance.
Mitochondrial antioxidative capacity regulates muscle glucose uptake in the conscious mouse: effect of exercise and diet.
Effects of tea combined with high-protein meal replacement shakes on anthropometric measurements, lipid profiles, cellular biochemistry, neurochemistry, and microbial metabolism: a prospective observational study.
Dietary compliance and its association with glycemic control among poorly controlled type 2 diabetic outpatients in Hospital Universiti Sains Malaysia.
Fatty acids in cardiovascular health and disease: a comprehensive update.
Impact of dietary fat quantity and quality on skeletal muscle fatty acid metabolism in subjects with the metabolic syndrome.
Consumption of a high-fat diet during pregnancy decreases the activity of cytochrome P450 3a in the livers of offspring.
Pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic studies on exenatide in diabetic rats.
A survey of Southeastern United States veterinarians' preferences for managing cats with diabetes mellitus.
Maternal high-fat diet is associated with altered pancreatic remodelling in mice offspring.
Water-soluble rice bran enzymatic extract attenuates dyslipidemia, hypertension and insulin resistance in obese Zucker rats.
Activation of the farnesoid X receptor induces hepatic expression and secretion of fibroblast growth factor 21.
Oligonucleotide microarray analysis of dietary-induced hyperlipidemia gene expression profiles in miniature pigs.
Involvement of SIK3 in glucose and lipid homeostasis in mice.
Effects of lipoic acid on AMPK and adiponectin in adipose tissue of low- and high-fat-fed rats.
Liraglutide improves hippocampal synaptic plasticity associated with increased expression of Mash1 in ob/ob mice.
TGR5 potentiates GLP-1 secretion in response to anionic exchange resins.
Effect of obesity on alveolar bone loss in experimental periodontitis in Wistar rats.
Short-term low carbohydrate/high-fat diet intake increases postprandial plasma glucose and glucagon-like peptide-1 levels during an oral glucose tolerance test in healthy men.
Partially hydrolyzed guar gums reduce dietary fatty acid and sterol absorption in guinea pigs independent of viscosity.
Effect of HPMC on the quality of wheat-free bread made from carob germ flour-starch mixtures.
Diet components associated with perceived fatigue in breast cancer survivors.
Effect of low-calorie versus low-carbohydrate ketogenic diet in type 2 diabetes.
Gluconeogenesis is associated with high rates of tricarboxylic acid and pyruvate cycling in fasting northern elephant seals.
Effect of dietary macronutrient composition on AMPK and SIRT1 expression and activity in human skeletal muscle.
Consumption of a high-fat diet, but not regular endurance exercise training, regulates hypothalamic lipid accumulation in mice.
Fargesin improves lipid and glucose metabolism in 3T3-L1 adipocytes and high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Effects of a regular walking exercise program on behavioral and biochemical aspects in elderly people with type II diabetes.
Lasting effects of a 2-year diabetes self-management support intervention: outcomes at 1-year follow-up.
[Oxydative stress and beneficial effect of sodium restriction on kidney damage associated with insulin resistance in rats].
Impaired bone formation with a high-protein diet in rats with adriamycin-induced nephrotic syndrome.
Food intake, diet quality and behavioral problems in children: results from the GINI-plus/LISA-plus studies.
Hepatic insulin signaling is required for obesity-dependent expression of SREBP-1c mRNA but not for feeding-dependent expression.
Effect of different levels of supplied cobalt on the fatty acid composition of bovine milk.
Reduction of salt in pork sausages by the addition of carrot fibre or potato starch and high pressure treatment.
Prevalence and determinants of undiagnosed diabetes in an urban sub-Saharan African population.
Effects of a combination of sitagliptin plus metformin vs metformin monotherapy on glycemic control, β-cell function and insulin resistance in type 2 diabetic patients.
Fasting plasma glucose correlates with angiographic coronary artery disease prevalence and severity in Chinese patients without known diabetes.
Blueberry anthocyanins at doses of 0.5 and 1 % lowered plasma cholesterol by increasing fecal excretion of acidic and neutral sterols in hamsters fed a cholesterol-enriched diet.
Low concentrations of isothiocyanates protect mesenchymal stem cells from oxidative injuries, while high concentrations exacerbate DNA damage.
Increased glyceride-glycerol synthesis in liver and brown adipose tissue of rat: in-vivo contribution of glycolysis and glyceroneogenesis.
Prevalence of traditional and novel markers of cardiovascular disease risk in Scottish adolescents: socioeconomic effects.
Associations among 25-year trends in diet, cholesterol and BMI from 140,000 observations in men and women in Northern Sweden.
Nesfatin-1 action in the brain increases insulin sensitivity through Akt/AMPK/TORC2 pathway in diet-induced insulin resistance.
Nutrient intake of women 3 years after Roux-en-Y Gastric bypass surgery.
Reducing the glycemic index or carbohydrate content of mixed meals reduces postprandial glycemia and insulinemia over the entire day but does not affect satiety.
Vegetable and fruit intakes of on-reserve first nations schoolchildren compared to Canadian averages and current recommendations.
Self-reported dietary intake and appetite predict early treatment outcome among low-BMI adults initiating HIV treatment in sub-Saharan Africa.
Amla (Emblica officinalis) extract is effective in preventing high fructose diet-induced insulin resistance and atherogenic dyslipidemic profile in ovariectomized female albino rats.
Impact of lifestyle intervention and metformin on health-related quality of life: the diabetes prevention program randomized trial.
Child fitness and father's BMI are important factors in childhood obesity: a school based cross-sectional study.
[Preliminary study on mechanisms of total saponins from Entada phaseoloides against diabetes].
Changes in cardiac energy metabolic pathways in overweighed rats fed a high-fat diet.
Acute fasting decreases the expression of GLUT1 and glucose utilisation involved in mouse oocyte maturation and cumulus cell expansion.
Effect of nutrient intake on intramuscular glucose metabolism during the early growth stage in cross-bred steers (Japanese Black male × Holstein female).
Baicalein, a natural product, selectively activating AMPKα(2) and ameliorates metabolic disorder in diet-induced mice.
Effect of high-oleic canola and flaxseed oils on energy expenditure and body composition in hypercholesterolemic subjects.
Hepatocyte-specific Ptpn6 deletion protects from obesity-linked hepatic insulin resistance.
Chemoprevention of doxorubicin-induced alopecia in mice by dietary administration of L-cystine and vitamin B6.
Insulin sensitization with a peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ agonist prevents adrenocortical lipid infiltration and secretory changes induced by a high-sucrose diet.
Ketogenic diets in the treatment of epilepsy.
 Gut microbiota and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Factors determining weight gain in adults and relation with glucose tolerance.
Nutrient digestibility and evaluation of protein and carbohydrate fractionation of citrus by-products.
Lipids seasonal variability in type 2 diabetes.
Sugary beverage intakes and obesity prevalence among junior high school students in Beijing - a cross-sectional research on SSBs intake.
Liver specific inactivation of carboxylesterase 3/triacylglycerol hydrolase decreases blood lipids without causing severe steatosis in mice.
Dietary fat modifies the postprandial inflammatory state in subjects with metabolic syndrome: the LIPGENE study.
Nutrient intakes and status of preschool children in Adelaide, South Australia.
Discovery of a novel glucagon receptor antagonist N-[(4-{(1S)-1-[3-(3, 5-dichlorophenyl)-5-(6-methoxynaphthalen-2-yl)-1H-pyrazol-1-yl]ethyl}phenyl)carbonyl]-β-alanine (MK-0893) for the treatment of type II diabetes.
Personalized diet management can optimize compliance to a high-fiber, high-water diet in children with refractory functional constipation.
Long chain omega-3 fatty acids: micronutrients in disguise.
Osmotic stress, not aldose reductase activity, directly induces growth factors and MAPK signaling changes during sugar cataract formation.
Relation between C-reactive protein and impaired fasting glucose in obese subjects.
Too low to kill: concentration of the secondary metabolite ranunculin in buttercup pollen does not affect bee larval survival.
Specific hunger- and satiety-induced tuning of guinea pig enteric nerve activity.
Characterization of secretory sphingomyelinase activity, lipoprotein sphingolipid content and LDL aggregation in ldlr-/- mice fed on a high-fat diet.
Effect of diet composition on coenzyme A and its thioester pools in various rat tissues.
A short-term diet and exercise intervention ameliorates inflammation and markers of metabolic health in overweight/obese children.
Maternal sugar consumption and risk of preeclampsia in nulliparous Norwegian women.
Limonia fruit as a food supplement to regulate fluoride-induced hyperglycaemia and hyperlipidaemia.
Resveratrol ameliorates diabetes-related metabolic changes via activation of AMP-activated protein kinase and its downstream targets in db/db mice.
Haemostatic effects of metformin in simvastatin-treated volunteers with impaired fasting glucose.
Deleterious effects of high concentrations of (-)-epigallocatechin-3-gallate and atorvastatin in mice with colon inflammation.
A novel soluble β-1,3-D-glucan salecan reduces adiposity and improves glucose tolerance in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Relevant associations of the glucokinase regulatory protein/glucokinase gene variation with TAG concentrations in a high-cardiovascular risk population: modulation by the Mediterranean diet.
Effect of changes in an FFQ: comparing data from two national dietary survey instruments among 2-year-olds.
High-fat diet feeding induces a depot-dependent response on the pro-inflammatory state and mitochondrial function of gonadal white adipose tissue.
Influence of a high-fat diet on gut microbiota, intestinal permeability and metabolic endotoxaemia.
Relationship between whole-grain intake, chronic disease risk indicators, and weight status among adolescents in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 1999-2004.
A forage-only diet alters the metabolic response of horses in training.
Abnormal glucose tolerance and insulin secretion in pancreas-specific Tcf7l2-null mice.
Successful treatment with a low-dose cisplatin--etoposide regimen for patients with diencephalic syndrome.
Small intestinal goblet cell proliferation induced by ingestion of soluble and insoluble dietary fiber is characterized by an increase in sialylated mucins in rats.
Low carbohydrate-high protein diets.
Reduction in Tcf7l2 expression decreases diabetic susceptibility in mice.
Effects of meal frequency on metabolic profiles and substrate partitioning in lean healthy males.
Isoenergetic feeding of low carbohydrate-high fat diets does not increase brown adipose tissue thermogenic capacity in rats.
Effects of dietary carbohydrates on rumen epithelial metabolism of nonlactating heifers.
Caffeine attenuates metabolic syndrome in diet-induced obese rats.
Nutritional and behavioral modification therapies of obesity: facts and fiction.
Educational needs for improving self-care in heart failure patients with diabetes.
Rat chromosome 8 confers protection against dyslipidemia caused by a high-fat/low-carbohydrate diet.
Liver fat is reduced by an isoenergetic MUFA diet in a controlled randomized study in type 2 diabetic patients.
Influence of different carbohydrate composition in barley varieties on Salmonella Typhimurium var. Copenhagen colonisation in a 'Trojan' challenge model in pigs.
1,2-dicarbonyl compounds in commonly consumed foods.
A comparative study on hypolipidemic activities of high and low molecular weight chitosan in rats.
β(1) Adrenergic receptor is key to cold- and diet-induced thermogenesis in mice.
Dietary (sensory) variety and energy balance.
Stimulation of accumbens shell cannabinoid CB(1) receptors by noladin ether, a putative endocannabinoid, modulates food intake and dietary selection in rats.
Cardiac O-GlcNAcylation blunts autophagic signaling in the diabetic heart.
An indoline-derived compound that markedly reduces mouse body weight.
The influence of endotoxemia on the molecular mechanisms of insulin resistance.
Resolution of diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome in normal weight 24-29 BMI patients with One Anastomosis Gastric Bypass.
Rapid and weight-independent improvement of glucose tolerance induced by a peptide designed to elicit apoptosis in adipose tissue endothelium.
[Nephro-protective effects of total triterpenoids from Psidium guajava leaves on type 2 diabetic rats].
A sportomics strategy to analyze the ability of arginine to modulate both ammonia and lymphocyte levels in blood after high-intensity exercise.
Relationship between leptin G2548A and leptin receptor Q223R gene polymorphisms and obesity and metabolic syndrome risk in Tunisian volunteers.
Neurogenic inflammation in allergen-challenged obese mice: A missing link in the obesity-asthma association?
Effects of dietary counselling on food habits and dietary intake of Finnish pregnant women at increased risk for gestational diabetes - a secondary analysis of a cluster-randomized controlled trial.
Low carbohydrate-high protein diet and incidence of cardiovascular diseases in Swedish women: prospective cohort study.
Short- and long-term effects of continuous versus intermittent restrictive diet approaches on body composition and the metabolic profile in overweight and obese postmenopausal women: a pilot study.
Effect of high contents of dietary animal-derived protein or carbohydrates on canine faecal microbiota.
Effects of dietary composition on energy expenditure during weight-loss maintenance.
In vitro hypoglycemic and cholesterol lowering effects of dietary fiber prepared from cocoa (Theobroma cacao L.) shells.
Characterization of a canine model of glycogen storage disease type IIIa.
Effect of high sugar levels on miRNA expression. Studies with galactosemic mice lenses.
Ingestion of Carbohydrate-Rich Supplements during Gestation Programs Insulin and Leptin Resistance but not Body Weight Gain in Adult Rat Offspring.
[Effects of a high-carbohydrate diet on the serum lipid and apolipoprotein ratios in healthy young adults with different genotypes of APOA1 -75 G/A polymorphism].
Prenatal stress increases the obesogenic effects of a high-fat-sucrose diet in adult rats in a sex-specific manner.
Apocynin administration prevents the changes induced by a fructose-rich diet on rat liver metabolism and the antioxidant system.
Expression changes of hypothalamic Ahi1 in mice brain: implication in sensing insulin signaling.
Dairy foods and nutrients in relation to risk of ovarian cancer and major histological subtypes.
Identification of intracellular peptides in rat adipose tissue: Insights into insulin resistance.
Pancreatic beta cells in very old mice retain capacity for compensatory proliferation.
Acculturation and glycemic control of Asian Indian adults with type 2 diabetes.
The expression of particular glucose transporters and insulin resistance indicators in the risk groups of type 2 diabetes--a two-year follow-up.
Effect of the best compatibility of components in Corni Fructus on WT1 expression in glomerular podocytes of type 2 diabetic rats with early nephropathy.
The diet of diabetic patients in Spain in 2008-2010: accordance with the main dietary recommendations--a cross-sectional study.
Dietary soyasaponin supplementation to pea protein concentrate reveals nutrigenomic interactions underlying enteropathy in Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar).
Environmental factors and risk of developing paediatric inflammatory bowel disease -- a population based study 2007-2009.
High-sugar drink consumption: an associate of obesity and impaired fasting glucose in Canadian Indigenous (Cree) communities.
The role of dietary fatty acids in the pathology of metabolic syndrome.
Cinnamon extract improves fasting blood glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin level in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes.
Chronic effects of centrally administered adiponectin on appetite, metabolism and blood pressure regulation in normotensive and hypertensive rats.
Increased circulating angiotensin-(1-7) protects white adipose tissue against development of a proinflammatory state stimulated by a high-fat diet.
DNA damage in children and adolescents with cardiovascular disease risk factors.
Grape skin and loquat leaf extracts and acai puree have potent anti-atherosclerotic and anti-diabetic activity in vitro and in vivo in hypercholesterolemic zebrafish.
Elovl6 promotes nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
Differential effects of high-carbohydrate and high-fat diet composition on metabolic control and insulin resistance in normal rats.
In vitro (α-glucosidase and α-amylase inhibition) and in vivo antidiabetic property of phytic acid (IP6) in streptozotocin- nicotinamide-induced type 2 diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in rats.
[Hungarian Diet and Nutritional Status Survey -- the OTAP2009 study. II. Energy and macronutrient intake of the Hungarian population].
Dietary glycemic index and glycemic load and breast cancer risk in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC).
Variable activation of immune response by quinoa (Chenopodium quinoa Willd.) prolamins in celiac disease.
The Tellurium compound, AS101, increases SIRT1 level and activity and prevents type 2 diabetes.
Quantifying the contribution of the liver to glucose homeostasis: a detailed kinetic model of human hepatic glucose metabolism.
The effect of apparent amylose content and dietary fibre on the glycemic response of different varieties of cooked milled and brown rice.
Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels, obesity and the metabolic syndrome among Korean children.
Misperception among rural diabetic residents: a cross-sectional descriptive study.
Y1 and Y5 receptors are both required for the regulation of food intake and energy homeostasis in mice.
Effects of daytime food intake on memory consolidation during sleep or sleep deprivation.
[Effect of preparation 'Korargin' on metabolic syndrome manifestations in adult and old rats exposed to x-ray irradiation].
Hyperresponsivity to low-dose endotoxin during progression to nonalcoholic steatohepatitis is regulated by leptin-mediated signaling.
ApoE and the role of very low density lipoproteins in adipose tissue inflammation.
Fermentable fibers do not affect satiety or food intake by women who do not practice restrained eating.
Low carbohydrate, high protein diet promotes atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E/low-density lipoprotein receptor double knockout mice (apoE/LDLR(-/-)).
Alternative diets to the classical ketogenic diet--can we be more liberal?
Construction and phenotypic analysis of mice carrying a duplication of the major histocompatibility class I (MHC-I) locus.
Circulating osteocalcin level is not associated with incident type 2 diabetes in middle-aged male subjects: mean 8.4-year retrospective follow-up study.
Fasting glucose, obesity, and coronary artery calcification in community-based people without diabetes.
Postnatal maternal separation modifies the response to an obesogenic diet in adulthood in rats.
Identification of Akt-independent regulation of hepatic lipogenesis by mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) complex 2.
Human breath gas analysis in the screening of gestational diabetes mellitus.
A cafeteria diet modifies the response to chronic variable stress in rats.
Effects of CB1 and CRF1 receptor antagonists on binge-like eating in rats with limited access to a sweet fat diet: lack of withdrawal-like responses.
Influence of a regular, standardized meal on clinical chemistry analytes.
[Effects of naokang erhao decoction on cognitive ability and hippocampal apoptosis-related proteins in diabetic rats].
Low glycemic index treatment for seizures in Angelman syndrome.
Impact of an obesogenic diet program on bone densitometry, micro architecture and metabolism in male rat.
Parental diet-induced obesity leads to retarded early mouse embryo development and altered carbohydrate utilisation by the blastocyst.
Targeting of mitochondrial reactive oxygen species production does not avert lipid-induced insulin resistance in muscle tissue from mice.
Role of TCF7L2 risk variant and dietary fibre intake on incident type 2 diabetes.
Distribution of procyanidins and their metabolites in rat plasma and tissues in relation to ingestion of procyanidin-enriched or procyanidin-rich cocoa creams.
Pectin methyl esterase treatment on high-methoxy pectin for making fruit jam with reduced sugar content.
HPMC supplementation reduces abdominal fat content, intestinal permeability, inflammation, and insulin resistance in diet-induced obese mice.
Functional redundancy of mitochondrial enoyl-CoA isomerases in the oxidation of unsaturated fatty acids.
Cardioprotective and antihypertensive effects of Enicostemma littorale Blume extract in fructose-fed rats.
Nutritional intake and dietary patterns in pregnancy: a longitudinal study of women with lifetime eating disorders.
Syzygium cumini ameliorates insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction via modulation of PPAR, dyslipidemia, oxidative stress, and TNF-α in type 2 diabetic rats.
Responses of the embryonic epigenome to maternal diabetes.
Soy milk consumption, inflammation, coagulation, and oxidative stress among type 2 diabetic patients with nephropathy.
Comparing the effects of nano-sized sugarcane fiber with cellulose and psyllium on hepatic cellular signaling in mice.
Muscadine grape (Vitis rotundifolia) and wine phytochemicals prevented obesity-associated metabolic complications in C57BL/6J mice.
Satiety hormone and metabolomic response to an intermittent high energy diet differs in rats consuming long-term diets high in protein or prebiotic fiber.
Effect of processing on proximate composition, anti-nutrient status and amino acid content in three accessions of African locust bean (Parkia biglobosa (jacq.) benth.
Type of carbohydrate in feed affects the expression of small leucine-rich proteoglycans (SLRPs), glycosaminoglycans (GAGs) and interleukins in skeletal muscle of Atlantic cod (Gadus morhua L.).
Is carbohydrate intake in the first years of life related to future risk of NCDs?
Identification and characterization of a cellulase-encoding gene from the buffalo rumen metagenomic library.
Dietary glycaemic load and odds of depression in a group of institutionalized elderly people without antidepressant treatment.
Changes in weight, plasma lipids, and glucose in adults treated with ziprasidone: a comprehensive analysis of pfizer-initiated clinical trials.
Fasting glucose levels within the high normal range predict cardiovascular outcome.
Does fructose consumption contribute to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease?
Animal production for efficient phosphate utilization: from optimized feed to high efficiency livestock.
Phenotyping the effect of diet on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Effects of arabinoxylan-oligosaccharides (AXOS) on juvenile Siberian sturgeon (Acipenser baerii) performance, immune responses and gastrointestinal microbial community.
Serviceberry [Amelanchier alnifolia (Nutt.) Nutt. ex. M. Roem (Rosaceae)] leaf extract inhibits mammalian α-glucosidase activity and suppresses postprandial glycemic response in a mouse model of diet-induced obesity and hyperglycemia.
Mutans streptococci and caries prevalence in children after early maternal caries prevention: a follow-up at 19 years of age.
Increased ferritin concentrations correlate with insulin resistance in female type 2 diabetic patients.
Nutrition practices and mealtime environments of North Carolina child care centers.
Antidiabetic activities of oligosaccharides of Ophiopogonis japonicus in experimental type 2 diabetic rats.
Therapeutic effects of hydrogen saturated saline on rat diabetic model and insulin resistant model via reduction of oxidative stress.
Decreased hepatic glucose production in obese rats by dipeptidyl peptidase-IV inhibitor sitagliptin.
Time-course changes of muscle protein synthesis associated with obesity-induced lipotoxicity.
GIP-overexpressing mice demonstrate reduced diet-induced obesity and steatosis, and improved glucose homeostasis.
High sensitivity of gastric mucosa to ulcerogenic effect of indomethacin in rats with diabetes.
Trends in nutrient intakes and chronic health conditions among Mexican-American adults, a 25-year profile: United States, 1982-2006.
Antidiabetic effects of rice hull smoke extract on glucose-regulating mechanism in type 2 diabetic mice.
Impact of traits of metabolic syndrome on β-cell function and insulin resistance in normal fasting, normal glucose tolerant subjects.
Carbohydrate intake and food sources of junior triathletes during a moderate and an intensive training period.
[Effects of Astragalus membranaceus and Potentilla discolor mixture on insulin resistance and its related mRNA expressions in KKAy mice with type 2 diabetes].
Beneficial effects of Korean red ginseng on lymphocyte DNA damage, antioxidant enzyme activity, and LDL oxidation in healthy participants: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Dietary, anthropometric, blood-lipid, and performance patterns of American College Football Players during 8 weeks of training.
Lagenaria siceraria fruit extract ameliorate fat amassment and serum TNF-α in high-fat diet-induced obese rats.
Rosiglitazone promotes PPARγ-dependent and -independent alterations in gene expression in mouse islets.
Sustained exendin-4 secretion through gene therapy targeting salivary glands in two different rodent models of obesity/type 2 diabetes.
The effect of salt usage behavior on sodium intake and excretion among Korean women.
[Characteristics of morphofunctional state of the pancreas in children with metabolic syndrome].
Zhenqing recipe improves glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity by repressing hepatic FOXO1 in type 2 diabetic rats.
Hesperidin and naringin attenuate hyperglycemia-mediated oxidative stress and proinflammatory cytokine production in high fat fed/streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetic rats.
Relative intake of macronutrients impacts risk of mild cognitive impairment or dementia.
Short term voluntary overfeeding disrupts brain insulin control of adipose tissue lipolysis.
Simulation modeling of policies directed at youth sugar-sweetened beverage consumption.
Maize porridge enriched with a micronutrient powder containing low-dose iron as NaFeEDTA but not amaranth grain flour reduces anemia and iron deficiency in Kenyan preschool children.
Total fat intake is associated with decreased mortality in Japanese men but not in women.
Vitamin intake and liver cancer risk: a report from two cohort studies in China.
Photoperiod regulates dietary preferences and energy metabolism in young developing Fischer 344 rats but not in same-age Wistar rats.
[The role of CD14 promoter - 159 C-&gt; T polymorphism on changes of serum lipid ratios induced by high-carbohydrate/low-fat diets in healthy Chinese Han youth].
Glucose oxidation and nonoxidative glucose disposal during prolonged fasts of the northern elephant seal pup (Mirounga angustirostris).
Hydrogen sulfide inhibits the development of atherosclerosis with suppressing CX3CR1 and CX3CL1 expression.
Effect of prepartum maternal energy density on the growth performance, immunity, and antioxidation capability of neonatal calves.
Lycopene intervention reduces inflammation and improves HDL functionality in moderately overweight middle-aged individuals.
Pioglitazone prevents hyperglycemia induced decrease of AdipoR1 and AdipoR2 in coronary arteries and coronary VSMCs.
Arecoline improves vascular endothelial function in high fructose-fed rats via increasing cystathionine-γ-lyase expression and activating K(ATP) channels.
Topiramate treatment improves hypothalamic insulin and leptin signaling and action and reduces obesity in mice.
Glucose transporter 8 (GLUT8) regulates enterocyte fructose transport and global mammalian fructose utilization.
Low-carbohydrate, high-protein diet affects rhythmic expression of gluconeogenic regulatory and circadian clock genes in mouse peripheral tissues.
Cyanidin reduces preadipocyte differentiation and relative ChREBP expression.
Comparison with ancestral diets suggests dense acellular carbohydrates promote an inflammatory microbiota, and may be the primary dietary cause of leptin resistance and obesity.
Cardiovascular disease is associated with high-fat-diet-induced liver damage and up-regulation of the hepatic expression of hypoxia-inducible factor 1α in a rat model.
Maternal diets with low healthy eating index or Mediterranean diet adherence scores are associated with high cord-blood insulin levels and insulin resistance markers at birth.
Modulation of gut microbiota by antibiotics improves insulin signalling in high-fat fed mice.
Metabolic effects of high altitude trekking in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Effects of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency on the metabolic and cardiac responses to obesogenic or high-fructose diets.
Relationships among changes in C-reactive protein and cardiovascular disease risk factors with lifestyle interventions.
Dairy product intake in relation to glucose regulation indices and risk of type 2 diabetes.
1H NMR-based metabolite profiling of diet-induced obesity in a mouse mode.
Glycemic index, glycemic load and cancer risk.
Diet composition is associated with endogenous formation of N-nitroso compounds in obese men.
Shifts in the rumen microbiota due to the type of carbohydrate and level of protein ingested by dairy cattle are associated with changes in rumen fermentation.
Occurrence of avian pathogenic Escherichia coli and antimicrobial-resistant E. coli in red-legged partridges (Alectoris rufa): sanitary concerns of farming.
Intestinal microbiota contribute to the endogenous formation of thiouracil in livestock.
Ketogenic diet does not affect strength performance in elite artistic gymnasts.
Combination of apolipoprotein E4 and high carbohydrate diet reduces hippocampal BDNF and arc levels and impairs memory in young mice.
Diet and dyslipidemias in a Lithuanian rural population aged 25-64: the CINDI survey.
Subjective sleep complaints are associated with insulin resistance in individuals without diabetes: the PPP-Botnia Study.
Response of C57Bl/6 mice to a carbohydrate-free diet.
The effect of metformin on monocyte secretory function in simvastatin-treated patients with impaired fasting glucose.
Fetuin-A acts as an endogenous ligand of TLR4 to promote lipid-induced insulin resistance.
Effects of high fat diet on GPR109A and GPR81 gene expression.
Age and glycemic control among low-income Latinos.
RTEF-1 attenuates blood glucose levels by regulating insulin-like growth factor binding protein-1 in the endothelium.
Increased hypothalamic inflammation associated with the susceptibility to obesity in rats exposed to high-fat diet.
Responses to high-fat challenges varying in fat type in subjects with different metabolic risk phenotypes: a randomized trial.
Viscous versus nonviscous soluble fiber supplements: mechanisms and evidence for fiber-specific health benefits.
Vitamin C in plasma and leucocytes in relation to periodontitis.
The protective effects of green tea polyphenols: lipid profile, inflammation, and antioxidant capacity in rats fed an atherogenic diet and dextran sodium sulfate.
High prevalence of overweight and obesity in females with phenylketonuria.
The role of AMPK/mTOR/S6K1 signaling axis in mediating the physiological process of exercise-induced insulin sensitization in skeletal muscle of C57BL/6 mice.
Dietary supplementation with geranylgeraniol suppresses lipopolysaccharide-induced inflammation via inhibition of nuclear factor-κB activation in rats.
Dietary carbohydrates for diabetics.
Dietary L-leucine and L-alanine supplementation have similar acute effects in the prevention of high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Weight cycling enhances adipose tissue inflammatory responses in male mice.
The A2b adenosine receptor modulates glucose homeostasis and obesity.
Green leafy porridges: how good are they in controlling glycaemic response?
Hypothalamic glycogen synthase kinase 3β has a central role in the regulation of food intake and glucose metabolism.
Developmental regulation of the activation of translation initiation factors of skeletal muscle in response to feeding in horses.
[What is the nutrition and lifestyle profile in oncology patient? Cross-sectional study].
High intakes of protein and processed meat associate with increased incidence of type 2 diabetes.
Negative effect of a low-carbohydrate, high-protein, high-fat diet on small peripheral artery reactivity in patients with increased cardiovascular risk.
Duration of exercise as a key determinant of improvement in insulin sensitivity in type 2 diabetes patients.
Noninvasive monitoring of β-cell mass and fetal β-cell genesis in mice using bioluminescence imaging.
The combined deletion of S6K1 and Akt2 deteriorates glycemic control in a high-fat diet.
Recovery from cycling exercise: effects of carbohydrate and protein beverages.
Significant effect of a pre-exercise high-fat meal after a 3-day high-carbohydrate diet on endurance performance.
Effects of eating fresh lean pork on cardiometabolic health parameters.
Outpatient assessment of determinants of glucose excursions in adolescents with type 1 diabetes: proof of concept.
Usefulness of acarbose and dietary modifications to limit glycemic variability following Roux-en-Y gastric bypass as assessed by continuous glucose monitoring.
High-fat, high-fructose diet induces hepatic iron overload via a hepcidin-independent mechanism prior to the onset of liver steatosis and insulin resistance in mice.
Association between intake of artificially sweetened and sugar-sweetened beverages and preterm delivery: a large prospective cohort study.
Consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages in relation to the metabolic syndrome among Iranian adults.
Znt7-null mice are more susceptible to diet-induced glucose intolerance and insulin resistance.
Beneficial effects of a high-protein, low-glycemic-load hypocaloric diet in overweight and obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a randomized controlled intervention study.
Potentiating effects of honey on antioxidant properties of lemon-flavoured black tea.
Effect of dietary blueberry pomace on selected metabolic factors associated with high fructose feeding in growing Sprague-Dawley rats.
Angiotensinogen gene polymorphisms and food-intake behavior in young, normal female subjects in Japan.
Fetal programming of dietary fructose and saturated fat on hepatic quercetin glucuronidation in rats.
The effects of polyphenols on oxidative stress and the arachidonic acid cascade. Implications for the prevention/treatment of high prevalence diseases.
Influence of diet on visceral adipose remodeling in NONcNZO10 mice with polygenic susceptibility for type 2 diabetes.
Polydatin alleviates non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in rats by inhibiting the expression of TNF-α and SREBP-1c.
The transcriptional coactivators p/CIP and SRC-1 control insulin resistance through IRS1 in obesity models.
Oleanolic acid reduces hyperglycemia beyond treatment period with Akt/FoxO1-induced suppression of hepatic gluconeogenesis in type-2 diabetic mice.
[Effect of catalpol and puerarin freeze-dried powder on coagulability, hemorheology and no in rats with Qi-deficiency and blood-stasis syndrome].
Diet-induced obesity in ad libitum-fed mice: food texture overrides the effect of macronutrient composition.
Pathological and behavioral risk factors for higher serum C-reactive protein concentrations in free-living adults--a Brazilian community-based study.
Impact of probiotic-supplemented diet on the expression level of lactate dehydrogenase in the leukocytes of rabbits.
Effect of exercise intensity and duration on capillary glucose responses in pregnant women at low and high risk for gestational diabetes.
The effects of four hypocaloric diets containing different levels of sucrose or high fructose corn syrup on weight loss and related parameters.
Antihyperglycemic and hypolipidemic effects of α, β-amyrin, a triterpenoid mixture from Protium heptaphyllum in mice.
High fat/carbohydrate ratio but not total energy intake induces lower striatal dopamine D2/3 receptor availability in diet-induced obesity.
Advice to avoid low carbohydrate-high protein diets is not evidence based.
Maternal high-fat diet induces obesity and adrenal and thyroid dysfunction in male rat offspring at weaning.
Metabolic, hormonal and immunological associations with global DNA methylation among postmenopausal women.
Hemoglobin A1c levels and aortic arterial stiffness: the Cardiometabolic Risk in Chinese (CRC) study.
Role of high-fat diet in stress response of Drosophila.
Dietary intervention in acne: Attenuation of increased mTORC1 signaling promoted by Western diet.
A high-protein diet induces dissociation between plasma concentrations of growth hormone and ghrelin in wethers.
Ingesting breakfast meals of different glycaemic load does not alter cognition and satiety in children.
Ces3/TGH deficiency improves dyslipidemia and reduces atherosclerosis in Ldlr(-/-) mice.
Reduced Socs3 expression in adipose tissue protects female mice against obesity-induced insulin resistance.
Enhanced sensitivity of skeletal muscle growth in offspring of mice long-term selected for high body mass in response to a maternal high-protein/low-carbohydrate diet during lactation.
Platycodin D inhibits lipogenesis through AMPKα-PPARγ2 in 3T3-L1 cells and modulates fat accumulation in obese mice.
Excess protein O-GlcNAcylation and the progression of diabetic cardiomyopathy.
PPARγ isoforms differentially regulate metabolic networks to mediate mouse prostatic epithelial differentiation.
Blunted renal dopaminergic system in a mouse model of diet-induced obesity.
Prenatal and early postnatal exposure to high-saturated-fat diet represses Wnt signaling and myogenic genes in offspring rats.
Relationship between urinary nephrin and urinary albumin changes in diabetic rats and effects of yiqiyangyinhuayutongluo recipe.
Highly viscous guar gum shifts dietary amino acids from metabolic use to fermentation substrate in domestic cats.
Contribution of brain glucose and ketone bodies to oxidative metabolism.
Prevalence and associated factors of diabetes and impaired fasting glucose in Chinese hypertensive adults aged 45 to 75 years.
Use of the dietary supplement 5-aminiolevulinic acid (5-ALA) and its relationship with glucose levels and hemoglobin A1C among individuals with prediabetes.
Effects of local delivery of bFGF from PLGA microspheres on osseointegration around implants in diabetic rats.
The logistic curve as a tool to describe the daily ruminal pH pattern and its link with milk fatty acids.
Iron increases liver injury through oxidative/nitrative stress in diabetic rats: Involvement of nitrotyrosination of glucokinase.
Metabolic syndrome induces changes in KATP-channels and calcium currents in pancreatic β-cells.
Sulfate determines the glucosinolate concentration of horseradish in vitro plants (Armoracia rusticana Gaertn., Mey. &amp; Scherb.).
High-anthocyanin strawberries through cultivar selection.
Effects of chitosan and water-soluble chitosan micro- and nanoparticles in obese rats fed a high-fat diet.
[Interaction of the dietary fibers with different functional food ingredients].
[Status of nutrition and cell immunity in sportsmen-weightlifters].
Stage of change of 6 health-related behaviors among patients with type 2 diabetes.
Effect of ezetimibe on lipid and glucose metabolism after a fat and glucose load.
Effects on uric acid, body mass index and blood pressure in adolescents of consuming beverages sweetened with high-fructose corn syrup.
FTO genotype and 2-year change in body composition and fat distribution in response to weight-loss diets: the POUNDS LOST Trial.
Prehypertension among young adult females in Dammam, Saudi Arabia.
Cellular protection during oxidative stress: a potential role for D-ribose and antioxidants.
Glycemic load effect on fasting and post-prandial serum glucose, insulin, IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 in a randomized, controlled feeding study.
Exercise training prevents diastolic dysfunction induced by metabolic syndrome in rats.
Experimentally induced rodent models of type 2 diabetes.
Dietary macronutrients and food consumption as determinants of long-term weight change in adult populations: a systematic literature review.
Relative validation of a quantitative FFQ for use in Brazilian pregnant women.
Direct renin inhibitor prevents and ameliorates insulin resistance, aortic endothelial dysfunction and vascular remodeling in fructose-fed hypertensive rats.
Nutritional interventions for liver-transplanted patients.
Different intensities of glycaemic control for pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes.
Specific dietary oligosaccharides increase Th1 responses in a mouse respiratory syncytial virus infection model.
Deoxynivalenol oligoglycosides: new 'masked' fusarium toxins occurring in malt, beer, and breadstuff.
Dietary saponins of sea cucumber ameliorate obesity, hepatic steatosis, and glucose intolerance in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Carbohydrate supplementation and prolonged intermittent high-intensity exercise in adolescents: research findings, ethical issues and suggestions for the future.
Effects of oil and natural or synthetic vitamin E on ruminal and milk fatty acid profiles in cows receiving a high-starch diet.
Effects of dietary fat energy restriction and fish oil feeding on hepatic metabolic abnormalities and insulin resistance in KK mice with high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Adiponectin regulates expression of hepatic genes critical for glucose and lipid metabolism.
Dietary pattern and its association with the prevalence of obesity and related cardiometabolic risk factors among Chinese children.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials of the effects of low carbohydrate diets on cardiovascular risk factors.
Dietary sodium loading impairs microvascular function independent of blood pressure in humans: role of oxidative stress.
Effect of normalization of fasting glucose by intensified insulin therapy and influence of eNOS polymorphisms on the incidence of restenosis after peripheral angioplasty in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomized, open-label clinical trial.
The intestinal microbiota in aged mice is modulated by dietary resistant starch and correlated with improvements in host responses.
Effect of starvation and refeeding on amino acid metabolism in muscle of crab Neohelice granulata previously fed protein- or carbohydrate-rich diets.
Fiber, protein, and lupin-enriched foods: role for improving cardiovascular health.
Television habits in relation to overweight, diet and taste preferences in European children: the IDEFICS study.
Higher anthocyanin intake is associated with lower arterial stiffness and central blood pressure in women.
APOA5 genotype modulates 2-y changes in lipid profile in response to weight-loss diet intervention: the Pounds Lost Trial.
Diet-induced obesity impairs AKT signalling in the retina and causes retinal degeneration.
Ethnic differences in cardiometabolic risk profile at age 5-6 years: the ABCD study.
Assessment of the mechanisms exerting glucose-lowering effects of dried peas in glucose-intolerant rats.
Transcriptomic and metabonomic profiling reveal synergistic effects of quercetin and resveratrol supplementation in high fat diet fed mice.
Complementary feeding and non communicable diseases: current knowledge and future research needs.
Physical exercise, fasting glucose, and renal hyperfiltration in the general population: the Renal Iohexol Clearance Survey in Tromsø 6 (RENIS-T6).
High multivitamin intakes during pregnancy and postweaning obesogenic diets interact to affect the relationship between expression of PPAR genes and glucose regulation in the offspring.
Synthetic farnesoid X receptor agonists induce high-density lipoprotein-mediated transhepatic cholesterol efflux in mice and monkeys and prevent atherosclerosis in cholesteryl ester transfer protein transgenic low-density lipoprotein receptor (-/-) mice.
Ingestion of nutrition bars high in protein or carbohydrate does not impact 24-h energy intakes in healthy young adults.
Rosuvastatin may modulate insulin signaling and inhibit atherogenesis beyond its plasma cholesterol-lowering effect in insulin-resistant mice.
The mitochondrial Atp8 mutation induces mitochondrial ROS generation, secretory dysfunction, and β-cell mass adaptation in conplastic B6-mtFVB mice.
Development of novel gastroretentive floating particulate drug delivery system of gliclazide.
Disappearance of infused phytate from the large intestine of dairy heifers.
Effects of Saccharomyces cerevisiae fermentation product on ruminal starch digestion are dependent upon dry matter intake for lactating cows.
Effects of glucogenic and ketogenic feeding strategies on splanchnic glucose and amino acid metabolism in postpartum transition Holstein cows.
Sodium caprate augments the hypoglycemic effect of berberine via AMPK in inhibiting hepatic gluconeogenesis.
Early and persistent up-regulation of hypothalamic orexigenic peptides in rat offspring born to dams fed a high-carbohydrate supplement during gestation.
Disruption of growth factor receptor-binding protein 10 in the pancreas enhances β-cell proliferation and protects mice from streptozotocin-induced β-cell apoptosis.
An inhibitor of phospholipase A2 group IIA modulates adipocyte signaling and protects against diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rats.
Distribution of insulin receptor and insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor in the digital laminae of mixed-breed ponies: an immunohistochemical study.
Effects of metformin on learning and memory behaviors and brain mitochondrial functions in high fat diet induced insulin resistant rats.
Oleic acid and glucose regulate glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor expression in a rat pancreatic ductal cell line.
Anti-diabetic atherosclerosis effect of Prunella vulgaris in db/db mice with type 2 diabetes.
Scaling-up from an implementation trial to state-wide coverage: results from the preliminary Melbourne Diabetes Prevention Study.
Diet and fatty acid pattern among patients with SLE: associations with disease activity, blood lipids and atherosclerosis.
Beverage consumption patterns of Canadian adults aged 19 to 65 years.
Loss of ACE2 exaggerates high-calorie diet-induced insulin resistance by reduction of GLUT4 in mice.
Food intake adaptation to dietary fat involves PSA-dependent rewiring of the arcuate melanocortin system in mice.
A high carbohydrate diet induces the beneficial effect of the CC genotype of hepatic lipase C-514T polymorphism on the apoB100/apoAI ratio only in young Chinese males.
The gut microbiome of kittens is affected by dietary protein:carbohydrate ratio and associated with blood metabolite and hormone concentrations.
Genistein promotes insulin action through adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase activation and p70 ribosomal protein S6 kinase 1 inhibition in the skeletal muscle of mice fed a high energy diet.
Relatively high-protein or 'low-carb' energy-restricted diets for body weight loss and body weight maintenance?
Intranasal insulin ameliorates tau hyperphosphorylation in a rat model of type 2 diabetes.
Repeated measurements of in vitro fermentation of fibre-rich substrates using large intestinal microbiota of sows.
Brain transcriptional responses to high-fat diet in Acads-deficient mice reveal energy sensing pathways.
Vodka and wine consumption in a swine model of metabolic syndrome alters insulin signaling pathways in the liver and skeletal muscle.
Intake of food groups and idiopathic asthenozoospermia: a case-control study.
Low calorie and carbohydrate diet: to improve the cardiovascular risk indicators in overweight or obese adults with prediabetes.
Quality assessment and anti-obesity activity of Stellaria media (Linn.) Vill.
[Effects of quercetin on nuclear factor-κB p65 expression in renal ubiquitin-proteasome system of diabetic rats].
Antioxidant and antihyperlipidemic activities of polysaccharides from sea cucumber Apostichopus japonicus.
Higher normal fasting plasma glucose is associated with hippocampal atrophy: The PATH Study.
Performance of homeostasis model assessment and serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein for prediction of isolated post-load hyperglycaemia.
Effectiveness of screening for diabetes mellitus in dental health care.
Analysis of ingredient lists of commercially available gluten-free and gluten-containing food products using the text mining technique.
Double-stranded RNA-activated protein kinase is a key modulator of insulin sensitivity in physiological conditions and in obesity in mice.
Effects of dietary saturated fat on LDL subclasses and apolipoprotein CIII in men.
Chitin-glucan fiber effects on oxidized low-density lipoprotein: a randomized controlled trial.
Effects of potato fiber and potato-resistant starch on biomarkers of colonic health in rats fed diets containing red meat.
Dietary patterns obtained through principal components analysis: the effect of input variable quantification.
Bioenergetic gain of citrate anticoagulated continuous hemodiafiltration--a comparison between 2 citrate modalities and unfractionated heparin.
Apparent low ability of liver and muscle to adapt to variation of dietary carbohydrate:protein ratio in rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss).
Effect of short-term carbohydrate overfeeding and long-term weight loss on liver fat in overweight humans.
Novel metabolites and roles for α-tocopherol in humans and mice discovered by mass spectrometry-based metabolomics.
Differential effects of two fermentable carbohydrates on central appetite regulation and body composition.
Is metabolic flexibility altered in multiple sclerosis patients?
Preservation of metabolic flexibility in skeletal muscle by a combined use of n-3 PUFA and rosiglitazone in dietary obese mice.
Hindbrain ghrelin receptor signaling is sufficient to maintain fasting glucose.
Prebiotic effects of yacon (Smallanthus sonchifolius Poepp. &amp; Endl), a source of fructooligosaccharides and phenolic compounds with antioxidant activity.
Berberine inhibits mouse insulin gene promoter through activation of AMP activated protein kinase and may exert beneficial effect on pancreatic β-cell.
Development of a new scoring system for predicting the 5 year incidence of type 2 diabetes in Japan: the Toranomon Hospital Health Management Center Study 6 (TOPICS 6).
Hypolipidemic and antioxidative effects of noni (Morinda citrifolia L.) juice on high- fat/cholesterol-dietary hamsters.
The role of infection-associated risk factors in prosthetic surgery.
Inhibition of intestinal cholesterol absorption decreases atherosclerosis but not adipose tissue inflammation.
Diet, sex, and death in field crickets.
Effect of Trigonella foenum-graecum seed powder on the antioxidant levels of high fat diet and low dose streptozotocin induced type II diabetic rats.
Antihyperglycemic and protective effects of Trigonella foenum graecum seed powder on biochemical alterations in alloxan diabetic rats.
Nutritional status and dietary intake of urban residents in Gondar, Northwest Ethiopia.
Dietary sources of energy and macronutrient intakes among Flemish preschoolers.
Red wine and component flavonoids inhibit UGT2B17 in vitro.
The cardiovascular health of the nation - should we be advocating a low-carbohydrate, high-fat diet?
Effect of low- and high-glycemic load on circulating incretins in a randomized clinical trial.
Acute glycaemic load breakfast manipulations do not attenuate cognitive impairments in adults with type 2 diabetes.
Estradiol enhances effects of fructose rich diet on cardiac fatty acid transporter CD36 and triglycerides accumulation.
Overexpression of sphingosine kinase 1 prevents ceramide accumulation and ameliorates muscle insulin resistance in high-fat diet-fed mice.
A role for adipose tissue de novo lipogenesis in glucose homeostasis during catch-up growth: a Randle cycle favoring fat storage.
Bilberries reduce low-grade inflammation in individuals with features of metabolic syndrome.
Prevention of diabetes in db/db mice by dietary soy is independent of isoflavone levels.
Influence of carbohydrate on serum caffeine concentrations following caffeine ingestion.
Effects of porcine pancreatic enzymes on the pancreas of hamsters. Part 2: carcinogenesis studies.
Copy number polymorphism of the salivary amylase gene: implications in human nutrition research.
Evaluation of new bone formation in normal and osteoporotic rats with a 3-mm femur defect: functional assessment with dynamic PET-CT (dPET-CT) using 2-deoxy-2-[(18)F]fluoro-D-glucose ( (18)F-FDG) and (18)F-fluoride.
Neuropeptide Y promoter polymorphism modifies effects of a weight-loss diet on 2-year changes of blood pressure: the preventing overweight using novel dietary strategies trial.
Estrogen treatment after ovariectomy protects against fatty liver and may improve pathway-selective insulin resistance.
The Wnt signaling pathway effector TCF7L2 controls gut and brain proglucagon gene expression and glucose homeostasis.
Reproducibility of the measurement of sweet taste preferences.
Metabolic stress response implicated in diabetic retinopathy: the role of calpain, and the therapeutic impact of calpain inhibitor.
Festival foods in the immigrant diet.
The use of ketogenic diet in pediatric patients with epilepsy.
Oat β-glucan increased ATPases activity and energy charge in small intestine of rats.
Relationship between fasting and 2-hour postprandial plasma glucose levels and vascular complications in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The adipose tissue endocrine mechanism of the prophylactic protective effect of pioglitazone in high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance.
Pet animals and foreign travel are risk factors for colonisation with extended-spectrum β-lactamase-producing Escherichia coli.
Sustained high plasma mannose less sensitive to fluctuating blood glucose in glycogen storage disease type Ia children.
Cinnamon for diabetes mellitus.
MTOR signaling and ubiquitin-proteosome gene expression in the preservation of fat free mass following high protein, calorie restricted weight loss.
Microbial ecology of the rumen evaluated by 454 GS FLX pyrosequencing is affected by starch and oil supplementation of diets.
Efficient reduction of serum cholesterol by combining a liver-targeted gene delivery system with chemically modified apolipoprotein B siRNA.
Green tomato extract attenuates high-fat-diet-induced obesity through activation of the AMPK pathway in C57BL/6 mice.
Relationship of serum osteocalcin levels with blood glucose, insulin resistance and lipid profile in central Indian men with type 2 diabetes.
Effect of low glycemic load diet on glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) in poorly-controlled diabetes patients.
Hepatic glucose production pathways after three days of a high-fat diet.
GOAT induced ghrelin acylation regulates hedonic feeding.
The orphan nuclear receptor Nur77 regulates LKB1 localization and activates AMPK.
Nutritional factors influencing intestinal health of the neonate.
Fructose, sucrose, and high fructose corn syrup: modern scientific findings and health implications.
Effects of genetic variants previously associated with fasting glucose and insulin in the Diabetes Prevention Program.
Lack of evidence for high fructose corn syrup as the cause of the obesity epidemic.
Transcriptomic and epigenetic changes in the hypothalamus are involved in an increased susceptibility to a high-fat-sucrose diet in prenatally stressed female rats.
Identifying patients at risk of type 2 diabetes.
Dietary correlates of an at-risk BMI among Inuit adults in the Canadian high arctic: cross-sectional international polar year Inuit health survey, 2007-2008.
Overexpression of the adiponectin receptor AdipoR1 in rat skeletal muscle amplifies local insulin sensitivity.
Hypothalamic AgRP-neurons control peripheral substrate utilization and nutrient partitioning.
Clinical evolution of beta cell function in youth with diabetes: the SEARCH for Diabetes in Youth study.
Dietary fat source alters hepatic gene expression profile and determines the type of liver pathology in rats overfed via total enteral nutrition.
[Eat a citrus fruit, stay healthy--a case report of scurvy].
Hepatic ATGL knockdown uncouples glucose intolerance from liver TAG accumulation.
Bilberries potentially alleviate stress-related retinal gene expression induced by a high-fat diet in mice.
[Phytic acid--anticancer nutriceutic].
Purple sweet potato color attenuates hepatic insulin resistance via blocking oxidative stress and endoplasmic reticulum stress in high-fat-diet-treated mice.
Grape seed procyanidins improve β-cell functionality under lipotoxic conditions due to their lipid-lowering effect.
Prevalence and predictors of impaired fasting glucose among Nigerian patients with hepatitis B virus infection.
Relative validity of an FFQ to estimate daily food and nutrient intakes for Chilean adults.
Protein-induced mass increase of the gastrointestinal tract of locusts improves net nutrient uptake via larger meals rather than more efficient nutrient absorption.
Genome-wide association study of resistant starch (RS) phenotypes in a barley variety collection.
The burden of diabetes mellitus and impaired fasting glucose in an urban population of Sri Lanka.
Effects of red wine polyphenols and alcohol on glucose metabolism and the lipid profile: a randomized clinical trial.
Participation of antioxidant and cholinergic system in protective effect of naringenin against type-2 diabetes-induced memory dysfunction in rats.
Integrating sensory evaluation in adaptive conjoint analysis to elaborate the conflicting influence of intrinsic and extrinsic attributes on food choice.
Investigation of anthropometric, biochemical and dietary parameters of obese children with and without non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Caffeine prevents cognitive impairment induced by chronic psychosocial stress and/or high fat-high carbohydrate diet.
A two-step screening algorithm including fasting plasma glucose measurement and a risk estimation model is an accurate strategy for detecting gestational diabetes mellitus.
The effects of free-living interval-walking training on glycemic control, body composition, and physical fitness in type 2 diabetic patients: a randomized, controlled trial.
Shiftwork and higher pancreatic secretion: early detection of an intermediate state of insulin resistance?
Ingestion of cinnamaldehyde, a TRPA1 agonist, reduces visceral fats in mice fed a high-fat and high-sucrose diet.
Predictors of overweight and obesity in adult women in Nairobi Province, Kenya.
Obesity and IL-6 interact in modulating the response to endotoxemia in mice.
Diet type and changes in food cravings following weight loss: findings from the POUNDS LOST Trial.
Chronic l-arginine treatment improves metabolic, cardiovascular and liver complications in diet-induced obesity in rats.
Receptor for advanced glycation end products regulates adipocyte hypertrophy and insulin sensitivity in mice: involvement of Toll-like receptor 2.
Is skinfold thickness as good as DXA when measuring adiposity contributions to insulin resistance in adolescents?
Importance of β-Catenin in glucose and energy homeostasis.
Effect of improved fitness beyond weight loss on cardiovascular risk factors in individuals with type 2 diabetes in the Look AHEAD study.
Maternal and offspring fasting glucose and type 2 diabetes-associated genetic variants and cognitive function at age 8: a Mendelian randomization study in the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children.
Activated glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase is associated with insulin resistance by upregulating pentose and pentosidine in diet-induced obesity of rats.
High hepatic SCD1 activity is associated with low liver fat content in healthy subjects under a lipogenic diet.
Fructose rich diet-induced high plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) production in the adult female rat: protective effect of progesterone.
Snack foods consumption contributes to poor nutrition of rural children in West Java, Indonesia.
Nrf2 deficiency improves glucose tolerance in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Exercise enhancement of hepatic insulin-sensitising substance-mediated glucose uptake in diet-induced prediabetic rats.
Associations of intake of antioxidant vitamins and fatty acids with asthma in pre-school children.
Higher regular fat dairy consumption is associated with lower incidence of metabolic syndrome but not type 2 diabetes.
Moderate high fat diet increases sucrose self-administration in young rats.
Targeting VEGF-B as a novel treatment for insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes.
Skeletal muscle growth hormone receptor signaling regulates basal, but not fasting-induced, lipid oxidation.
Kinin B1 receptor in adipocytes regulates glucose tolerance and predisposition to obesity.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of 5-benzylidenepyrimidine-2,4,6(1H,3H,5H)-trione derivatives for the treatment of obesity-related nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Effects of ALA, EPA and DHA in high-carbohydrate, high-fat diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rats.
Association between high fat-low carbohydrate diet score and newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes in Chinese population.
Portal vein glucose entry triggers a coordinated cellular response that potentiates hepatic glucose uptake and storage in normal but not high-fat/high-fructose-fed dogs.
TCF7L2 modulates glucose homeostasis by regulating CREB- and FoxO1-dependent transcriptional pathway in the liver.
New indices for predicting glycaemic variability.
Microbial regulation of glucose metabolism and cell-cycle progression in mammalian colonocytes.
Plasma glucose response and glycemic indices in pigs fed diets differing in in vitro hydrolysis indices.
The effect of a non-starch polysaccharide-hydrolysing enzyme (Rovabio® Excel) on feed intake and body condition of sows during lactation and on progeny growth performance.
Diet-dependent modulation of hippocampal expression of endocannabinoid signaling-related proteins in cannabinoid antagonist-treated obese rats.
TCF7L2 genetic variants modulate the effect of dietary fat intake on changes in body composition during a weight-loss intervention.
Dietary balance during pregnancy is associated with fetal adiposity and fat distribution.
Effects of supplementation with essential amino acids on intrahepatic lipid concentrations during fructose overfeeding in humans.
Effects of low-carbohydrate diets versus low-fat diets on metabolic risk factors: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
Nutritional quality of foods and beverages on child-care centre menus in Mexico.
Exercise training with weight loss and either a high- or low-glycemic index diet reduces metabolic syndrome severity in older adults.
Association between dietary patterns and insulin resistance in Mexican children and adolescents.
Hepatic gene expression analysis of 2-aminoanthracene exposed Fisher-344 rats reveal patterns indicative of liver carcinoma and type 2 diabetes.
Similar changes in muscle lipid metabolism are induced by chronic high-fructose feeding and high-fat feeding in C57BL/J6 mice.
XMetA, an allosteric monoclonal antibody to the insulin receptor, improves glycaemic control in mice with diet-induced obesity.
High-polyphenol chocolate reduces endothelial dysfunction and oxidative stress during acute transient hyperglycaemia in Type 2 diabetes: a pilot randomized controlled trial.
Pooling expressed breastmilk to provide a consistent feeding composition for premature infants.
Metabolic control and treatment patterns in patients with type 1 diabetes in Castilla-La Mancha: the DIAbetes tipo 1 in Castilla La Mancha study.
Insulin activates Erk1/2 signaling in the dorsal vagal complex to inhibit glucose production.
Metabolic impacts of high dietary exposure to persistent organic pollutants in mice.
Dietary resveratrol does not delay engraftment, sensitize to vincristine or inhibit growth of high-risk acute lymphoblastic leukemia cells in NOD/SCID mice.
Overexpression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor α in pancreatic β-cells improves glucose tolerance in diet-induced obese mice.
Role of nuclear receptors in lipid dysfunction and obesity-related diseases.
Effects of a diet high in salt, fat, and sugar on telemetric blood pressure measurements in conscious, unrestrained adult Yucatan miniature swine (Sus scrofa).
Exercise training performed simultaneously to a high-fat diet reduces the degree of insulin resistance and improves adipoR1-2/APPL1 protein levels in mice.
SAMe treatment prevents the ethanol-induced epigenetic alterations of genes in the Toll-like receptor pathway.
Vascular smooth muscle cell alterations triggered by mice adipocytes: role of high-fat diet.
Liver protein expression in young pigs in response to a high-fat diet and diet restriction.
Metabolic consequences of high-fat diet are attenuated by suppression of HIF-1α.
Dampening of hyperexcitability in CA1 pyramidal neurons by polyunsaturated fatty acids acting on voltage-gated ion channels.
Extracting time-dependent obese-diabetic specific networks in hepatic proteome analysis.
Cilnidipine regulates glucose metabolism and levels of high-molecular adiponectin in diet-induced obese mice.
Mechanisms for eliminating monoterpenes of sagebrush by specialist and generalist rabbits.
Exercise restores insulin, but not adiponectin, response in skeletal muscle of high-fat fed rodents.
Correction of liver steatosis by a hydrophobic iminosugar modulating glycosphingolipids metabolism.
Duration of lactation, maternal metabolic profile, and body composition in the Norwegian EBBA I-study.
Nutrition in adult and childhood cancer: role of carcinogens and anti-carcinogens.
Postprandial blood glucose response to grape seed extract in healthy participants: A pilot study.
Spanish black radish (Raphanus sativus L. Var. niger) diet enhances clearance of DMBA and diminishes toxic effects on bone marrow progenitor cells.
Effects of neferine on CCL5 and CCR5 expression in SCG of type 2 diabetic rats.
The ketogenic diet increases brain glucose and ketone uptake in aged rats: a dual tracer PET and volumetric MRI study.
Caloric restriction restores the chronological life span of the Goa1 null mutant of Candida albicans in spite of high cell levels of ROS.
Adverse cognitive effects of high-fat diet in a murine model of sleep apnea are mediated by NADPH oxidase activity.
Risk of cardiovascular disease is suppressed by dietary supplementation with protamine and chitooligosaccharide in Sprague-Dawley rats.
Effects of combined dietary chromium(III) propionate complex and thiamine supplementation on insulin sensitivity, blood biochemical indices, and mineral levels in high-fructose-fed rats.
Anti-obesity effects of chitosan and psyllium husk with L-ascorbic acid in guinea pigs.
Increased fetuin-A concentrations in impaired glucose tolerance with or without nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, but not impaired fasting glucose.
Late gestation undernutrition can predispose for visceral adiposity by altering fat distribution patterns and increasing the preference for a high-fat diet in early postnatal life.
Antidiabetic effects of pterosin A, a small-molecular-weight natural product, on diabetic mouse models.
GPR119 regulates genetic markers of fatty acid oxidation in cultured skeletal muscle myotubes.
Dietary tendencies as predictors of marathon time in novice marathoners.
Effect of grafting and ripening conditions on some qualitative traits of 'Cuore di bue' tomato fruits.
Clonal differences in antioxidant activity and bioactive constituents of hardy kiwifruit (Actinidia arguta) and its year-to-year variability.
CCN1 expression in hepatocytes contributes to macrophage infiltration in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in mice.
The relationship between emotions and food consumption (macronutrient) in a foodservice college setting - a preliminary study.
Effect of fatty acid-binding protein 2 Ala54Thr genotype on weight loss and cardiovascular risk factors after a high-polyunsaturated fat diet in obese patients.
Inhibition of malonyl-CoA decarboxylase reduces the inflammatory response associated with insulin resistance.
Solid nanocrystalline dispersions of ziprasidone with enhanced bioavailability in the fasted state.
Can nutrition support interfere with recovery from acute critical illness?
Dietary fiber intake is associated with HbA1c level among prevalent patients with type 2 diabetes in Pudong New Area of Shanghai, China.
Prevalence and risk factors for excessive daytime of sleepiness in rural western Anotolia (Turkey): the role of obesity and metabolic syndrome.
[Variability of nutritional status and of the parameters of lipid metabolism in gluten-free diet].
Endurance exercise in a rat model of metabolic syndrome.
A novel high dextran yielding Weissella cibaria JAG8 for cereal food application.
Vineatrol and cardiovascular disease: beneficial effects of a vine-shoot phenolic extract in a hamster atherosclerosis model.
The differential anti-inflammatory effects of exercise modalities and their association with early carotid atherosclerosis progression in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Exenatide once weekly improved glycaemic control, cardiometabolic risk factors and a composite index of an HbA1c &lt; 7%, without weight gain or hypoglycaemia, over 52 weeks.
Effect of Bergenia crassifolia L. extracts on weight gain and feeding behavior of rats with high-caloric diet-induced obesity.
High levels of iron status and oxidative stress in patients with metabolic syndrome.
Screening of polyphenolic plant extracts for anti-obesity properties in Wistar rats.
N-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation significantly reduces liver oxidative stress in high fat induced steatosis.
Effects of cationic hydroxyethyl cellulose on dyslipidemia in hamsters.
Dorsomedial hypothalamic NPY and energy balance control.
Potential mechanisms for the emerging link between obesity and increased intestinal permeability.
Endurance training blocks uncoupling protein 1 up-regulation in brown adipose tissue while increasing uncoupling protein 3 in the muscle tissue of rats fed with a high-sugar diet.
Feeding behaviors of transition dairy cows fed glycerol as a replacement for corn.
High-fat diet blunts activation of the nuclear factor-κB signaling pathway in lipopolysaccharide-stimulated peritoneal macrophages of Wistar rats.
Gut-derived serotonin is a multifunctional determinant to fasting adaptation.
Fuel feeds function: Energy balance and bovine peripheral blood mononuclear cell activation.
Chemical cholecystokinin receptor activation protects against obesity-diabetes in high fat fed mice and has sustainable beneficial effects in genetic ob/ob mice.
Monotonous diets protect against acute colitis in mice: epidemiologic and therapeutic implications.
Vitamin C enhances vitamin E status and reduces oxidative stress indicators in sea bass larvae fed high DHA microdiets.
Induction of anti-anti-idiotype antibodies against sulfated glycosaminoglycans reduces atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice.
Effect of germination on phytochemical profiles and antioxidant activity of mung bean sprouts (Vigna radiata).
Methionine sulfoxide reductase A affects insulin resistance by protecting insulin receptor function.
A perspective on diet and gout.
The impact of 1,25-dihydroxy vitamin D3 on the expressions of vascular endothelial growth factor and transforming growth factor-β₁ in the retinas of rats with diabetes.
Effect of legumes as part of a low glycemic index diet on glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized controlled trial.
High-fat feeding induces angiogenesis in skeletal muscle and activates angiogenic pathways in capillaries.
Improved lifestyle and decreased diabetes risk over 13 years: long-term follow-up of the randomised Finnish Diabetes Prevention Study (DPS).
Acute effects of pomegranate extract on postprandial lipaemia, vascular function and blood pressure.
Possible relation between maternal consumption of added sugar and sugar-sweetened beverages and birth weight--time trends in a population.
[Is chromium an essential trace element in human nutrition?].
[Continuous glucose monitoring in glimipiride plus metformin treated type 2 diabetic patients during the month of Ramadan].
Dietary fat manipulation has a greater impact on postprandial lipid metabolism than the apolipoprotein E (epsilon) genotype-insights from the SATgenε study.
Polymorphisms in genes involved in the metabolism and transport of soy isoflavones affect the urinary metabolite profile in premenopausal women following consumption of a commercial soy supplement as a single bolus dose.
Effects of energy-restricted high-protein, low-fat compared with standard-protein, low-fat diets: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Dietary resistant starch dose-dependently reduces adiposity in obesity-prone and obesity-resistant male rats.
Nutrient intakes of children aged 1-2 years as a function of milk consumption, cows' milk or growing-up milk.
Coplanar polychlorinated biphenyls impair glucose homeostasis in lean C57BL/6 mice and mitigate beneficial effects of weight loss on glucose homeostasis in obese mice.
Lactation Biology Symposium: role of colostrum and colostrum components on glucose metabolism in neonatal calves.
Dietary intake and cardiometabolic risk in ethnically diverse urban schoolchildren.
Use of caloric and noncaloric sweeteners in US consumer packaged foods, 2005-2009.
Immunomodulatory glycan LNFPIII alleviates hepatosteatosis and insulin resistance through direct and indirect control of metabolic pathways.
Insulin sensitization via partial agonism of PPARγ and glucose uptake through translocation and activation of GLUT4 in PI3K/p-Akt signaling pathway by embelin in type 2 diabetic rats.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ activation enhances insulin-stimulated glucose disposal by reducing ped/pea-15 gene expression in skeletal muscle cells: evidence for involvement of activator protein-1.
Effectiveness of periodontal treatment to improve metabolic control in patients with chronic periodontitis and type 2 diabetes: a meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Behavioral and monoamine changes following severe vitamin C deficiency.
Lymphocyte-suppressing and systemic anti-inflammatory effects of high-dose metformin in simvastatin-treated patients with impaired fasting glucose.
Dietary protein - its role in satiety, energetics, weight loss and health.
Effects of a high protein diet on body weight and comorbidities associated with obesity.
The role of high-protein diets in body weight management and health.
Impact of antinutritional factors in food proteins on the digestibility of protein and the bioavailability of amino acids and on protein quality.
Anorexic effects of intra-VTA leptin are similar in low-fat and high-fat-fed rats but attenuated in a subgroup of high-fat-fed obese rats.
Hypolipidaemic effects and mechanisms of the main component of Opuntia dillenii Haw. polysaccharides in high-fat emulsion-induced hyperlipidaemic rats.
Pharmacological inhibition of adipocyte fatty acid binding protein alleviates both acute liver injury and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in mice.
Insulin resistance predicts the effectiveness of different glycemic index diets on weight loss in non-obese women.
Lignin-associated metagene expression in a lignocellulose-digesting termite.
E4orf1 improves lipid and glucose metabolism in hepatocytes: a template to improve steatosis &amp; hyperglycemia.
Upregulated expression of brain enzymatic markers of arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acid metabolism in a rat model of the metabolic syndrome.
Immunoglobulin E and mast cell proteases are potential risk factors of impaired fasting glucose and impaired glucose tolerance in humans.
Male mice that lack the G-protein-coupled receptor GPR41 have low energy expenditure and increased body fat content.
Harnessing the power of metabolism for seizure prevention: focus on dietary treatments.
Effects of hypocaloric diets with different glycemic indexes on endothelial function and glycemic variability in overweight and in obese adult patients at increased cardiovascular risk.
GRK5 ablation contributes to insulin resistance.
Effects of two different levels of dietary protein on body composition and protein nutritional status of growing rats.
Taurine ameliorates hyperglycemia and dyslipidemia by reducing insulin resistance and leptin level in Otsuka Long-Evans Tokushima fatty (OLETF) rats with long-term diabetes.
Challenges in estimating the validity of dietary acrylamide measurements.
Eating patterns and composition of meals and snacks in elite Canadian athletes.
Gut microbial activity, implications for health and disease: the potential role of metabolite analysis.
Missed opportunities for providing low-fat dietary advice to people with diabetes.
Catabolism of amino acids in livers from cafeteria-fed rats.
Maternal protein restriction in rats leads to reduced PGC-1α expression via altered DNA methylation in skeletal muscle.
C5aR and C3aR antagonists each inhibit diet-induced obesity, metabolic dysfunction, and adipocyte and macrophage signaling.
Perinatal exposure to a high-fat diet is associated with reduced hepatic sympathetic innervation in one-year old male Japanese macaques.
CYP24A1 exacerbated activity during diabetes contributes to kidney tubular apoptosis via caspase-3 increased expression and activation.
Socio-economic status, urbanization, and cardiometabolic risk factors among middle-aged adults in Tanzania.
Hypotriglyceridemic and hypoglycemic effects of vescalagin from Pink wax apple [Syzygium samarangense (Blume) Merrill and Perry cv. Pink] in high-fructose diet-induced diabetic rats.
Acute and second-meal effects of peanuts on glycaemic response and appetite in obese women with high type 2 diabetes risk: a randomised cross-over clinical trial.
Nutritional value and influence of the thermal processing on a traditional Portuguese fermented sausage (alheira).
Glycemic index, glycemic load, dietary carbohydrate, and dietary fiber intake and risk of liver and biliary tract cancers in Western Europeans.
Fasting blood glucose and lipid profile alterations following twelve-month androgen deprivation therapy in men with prostate cancer.
Influence of tumour necrosis factor alpha on the outcome of ischaemic postconditioning in the presence of obesity and diabetes.
Protective effect of cinnamon polyphenols against STZ-diabetic mice fed high-sugar, high-fat diet and its underlying mechanism.
Variation in fat mobilization during early lactation differently affects feed intake, body condition, and lipid and glucose metabolism in high-yielding dairy cows.
Starch plus sunflower oil addition to the diet of dry dairy cows results in a trans-11 to trans-10 shift of biohydrogenation.
Short-term effect of macronutrient composition and glycemic index of a yoghurt breakfast on satiety and mood in healthy young men.
Egg intake improves carotenoid status by increasing plasma HDL cholesterol in adults with metabolic syndrome.
Expression of ghrelin and leptin during the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus in a rat model.
The role of fructose transporters in diseases linked to excessive fructose intake.
A multi-microbe probiotic formulation processed at low and high drying temperatures: effects on growth performance, nutrient retention and caecal microbiology of broilers.
Associations of the FTO rs9939609 and the MC4R rs17782313 polymorphisms with type 2 diabetes are modulated by diet, being higher when adherence to the Mediterranean diet pattern is low.
Black and white and read all over: the past, present and future of giant panda genetics.
Triheptanoin supplementation to ketogenic diet curbs cognitive impairment in APP/PS1 mice used as a model of familial Alzheimer's disease.
Analysis of hepatic gene expression profile in a spontaneous mouse model of type 2 diabetes under a high sucrose diet.
Delivery of adiponectin gene to skeletal muscle using ultrasound targeted microbubbles improves insulin sensitivity and whole body glucose homeostasis.
Anti-allergic properties of a matured fruit extract of the date palm tree (Phoenix dactylifera L.) in mite-sensitized mice.
Wx/ae double-mutant brown rice prevents the rise in plasma lipid and glucose levels in mice.
Isolation stress exposure and consumption of palatable diet during the prepubertal period leads to cellular changes in the hippocampus.
Phylogenetic analysis of microbial communities in different regions of the gastrointestinal tract in Panaque nigrolineatus, a wood-eating fish.
High-fat diet induces periodontitis in mice through lipopolysaccharides (LPS) receptor signaling: protective action of estrogens.
Metagenomic analysis of the microbiota from the crop of an invasive snail reveals a rich reservoir of novel genes.
GLP-1 receptor activation inhibits VLDL production and reverses hepatic steatosis by decreasing hepatic lipogenesis in high-fat-fed APOE*3-Leiden mice.
Hepatoprotective effect of DT56a is associated with changes in natural killer T cells and regulatory T cells.
Dietary intakes of carbohydrates in relation to prostate cancer risk: a prospective study in the Malmö Diet and Cancer cohort.
Evaluation of risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus in medical students using Indian Diabetes Risk Score.
Vaspin gene in rat adipose tissue: relation to obesity-induced insulin resistance.
Undernutrition of orphans and vulnerable children: a comparison of cash transfer beneficiaries and non beneficiaries in Korogocho slums, Nairobi.
Response to a long-term high-fat diet in the signature of genes involved in lipid metabolism in ApoE(-/-) mice.
Suboptimal iron status and associated dietary patterns and practices in premenopausal women living in Auckland, New Zealand.
(Val(8))GLP-1-Glu-PAL: a GLP-1 agonist that improves hippocampal neurogenesis, glucose homeostasis, and β-cell function in high-fat-fed mice.
D-Glucose modulates intestinal Niemann-Pick C1-like 1 (NPC1L1) gene expression via transcriptional regulation.
Upregulating reverse cholesterol transport with cholesteryl ester transfer protein inhibition requires combination with the LDL-lowering drug berberine in dyslipidemic hamsters.
Inhibition of carnitine palmitoyltransferase-1 activity alleviates insulin resistance in diet-induced obese mice.
Changes in dietary habits after migration and consequences for health: a focus on South Asians in Europe.
c-Jun amino-terminal kinase-1 mediates glucose-responsive upregulation of the RNA editing enzyme ADAR2 in pancreatic beta-cells.
Consequences of exchanging carbohydrates for proteins in the cholesterol metabolism of mice fed a high-fat diet.
Confirming glycemic status in the Diabetes Prevention Program: implications for diagnosing diabetes in high risk adults.
Maternal deprivation exacerbates the response to a high fat diet in a sexually dimorphic manner.
Bixin activates PPARα and improves obesity-induced abnormalities of carbohydrate and lipid metabolism in mice.
Continuous glucose monitoring: a valuable monitoring tool for management of hypoglycemia during chemotherapy for acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Response to the letter to editor regarding high-sugar drinks and impaired fasting glucose among Cree.
Sweet tea leaves extract improves leptin resistance in diet-induced obese rats.
Antidiabetic effects of malonyl ginsenosides from Panax ginseng on type 2 diabetic rats induced by high-fat diet and streptozotocin.
Obesity, metabolic syndrome, impaired fasting glucose, and microvascular dysfunction: a principal component analysis approach.
Angiotensin II type 2 receptor promotes adipocyte differentiation and restores adipocyte size in high-fat/high-fructose diet-induced insulin resistance in rats.
Improved glycemic control in mice lacking Sglt1 and Sglt2.
A role for TRPV1 in influencing the onset of cardiovascular disease in obesity.
The importance of palmitoleic acid to adipocyte insulin resistance and whole-body insulin sensitivity in type 1 diabetes.
Prevalence of glucose intolerance among children and adolescents in urban South India (ORANGE-2).
Poor pubertal protein nutrition disturbs glucose-induced insulin secretion process in pancreatic islets and programs rats in adulthood to increase fat accumulation.
The effect of varying ratios of docosahexaenoic acid and arachidonic acid in the prevention and reversal of biochemical essential fatty acid deficiency in a murine model.
Dietary downregulation of mutant p53 levels via glucose restriction: mechanisms and implications for tumor therapy.
Low-level laser therapy (LLLT) combined with swimming training improved the lipid profile in rats fed with high-fat diet.
Polypharmacy (herbal and synthetic drug combination): a novel approach in the treatment of type-2 diabetes and its complications in rats.
Mercury concentration in breast milk and infant exposure assessment during the first 90 days of lactation in a midwestern region of Brazil.
Liraglutide increases FGF-21 activity and insulin sensitivity in high fat diet and adiponectin knockdown induced insulin resistance.
Impact of ADMA, endothelial progenitor cells and traditional cardiovascular risk factors on pulse wave velocity among prediabetic individuals.
A historical review of progress in the assessment of dietary zinc intake as an indicator of population zinc status.
Oral resveratrol and calcium fructoborate supplementation in subjects with stable angina pectoris: effects on lipid profiles, inflammation markers, and quality of life.
Relationship of RIC-3 gene rs1528133 polymorphism with varying degrees of body weight and eating behavior.
Increased incidence of cardiovascular disease: are low-carbohydrate-high-protein diets truly to blame?
Wheat-derived arabinoxylan oligosaccharides with prebiotic effect increase satietogenic gut peptides and reduce metabolic endotoxemia in diet-induced obese mice.
The nonfermentable dietary fiber hydroxypropyl methylcellulose modulates intestinal microbiota.
Metabolic impact of a ketogenic diet compared to a hypocaloric diet in obese children and adolescents.
CVD health factors and CVD risk factors: state of the science, emerging priorities part 2: obesity prevention.
Early neutral prebiotic oligosaccharide supplementation reduces the incidence of some allergic manifestations in the first 5 years of life.
Accumulation of plasma 3-deoxyglucosone impaired glucose regulation in Chinese seniors: implication for senile diabetes?
Use of HbA(1C) testing to diagnose pre-diabetes in high risk African American children: a comparison with fasting glucose and HOMA-IR.
Weight-independent effects of roux-en-Y gastric bypass on glucose homeostasis via melanocortin-4 receptors in mice and humans.
Obesity improves myocardial ischaemic tolerance and RISK signalling in insulin-insensitive rats.
Grape seed proanthocyanidin extracts alleviate oxidative stress and ER stress in skeletal muscle of low-dose streptozotocin- and high-carbohydrate/high-fat diet-induced diabetic rats.
The role of the carbohydrate response element-binding protein in male fructose-fed rats.
The metabolic profile in active acromegaly is gender-specific.
Influences of glucose on the dietary hydroxyflavonoid-plasma protein interaction.
Comparison of the independent and combined metabolic effects of subchronic modulation of CCK and GIP receptor action in obesity-related diabetes.
The role of dietary protein in blood pressure regulation.
[Relation of -55CT polymorphism of UCP3 gene with weight loss and metabolic changes after a high polyunsaturated fat diet in obese patients].
[Efectiveness of long-term consumption of nuts, seeds and seeds' oil on glucose and lipid levels; systematic review].
[Nutricional adequacy of students of compulsory secondary education in Badajoz].
Hypoglycemic effect of cooked Lupinus mutabilis and its purified alkaloids in subjects with type-2 diabetes.
Effectiveness of lifestyle interventions in child obesity: systematic review with meta-analysis.
What obesity research tells us about epigenetic mechanisms.
Xanthohumol prevents atherosclerosis by reducing arterial cholesterol content via CETP and apolipoprotein E in CETP-transgenic mice.
Helicobacter pylori colonization ameliorates glucose homeostasis in mice through a PPAR γ-dependent mechanism.
Glycaemic index and glycaemic load in relation to risk of diabetes-related cancers: a meta-analysis.
A comparative study of the metabolic response in rainbow trout and Nile tilapia to changes in dietary macronutrient composition.
The effect of high vs. low carbohydrate diets on distances covered in soccer.
An independent audit of the Australian food industry's voluntary front-of-pack nutrition labelling scheme for energy-dense nutrition-poor foods.
Effects of oral administration of fucoidan extracted from Cladosiphon okamuranus on tumor growth and survival time in a tumor-bearing mouse model.
Erectile dysfunction precedes coronary artery endothelial dysfunction in rats fed a high-fat, high-sucrose, Western pattern diet.
Ceramide and insulin resistance: how should the issue be approached?
Deletion of CDKAL1 affects high-fat diet-induced fat accumulation and glucose-stimulated insulin secretion in mice, indicating relevance to diabetes.
Low-methoxyl pectin stimulates small intestinal mucin secretion irrespective of goblet cell proliferation and is characterized by jejunum Muc2 upregulation in rats.
[Experimental study of jiangtang xiaozhi tablet on decreasing the levels of blood glucose and serum lipids in transgenic mice with diabetes mellitus].
[Assesment of energy and basic components intake in selected group of the breastfeeding women].
Acute effects of different diet compositions on skeletal muscle insulin signalling in obese individuals during caloric restriction.
The role of oxidative stress in postprandial endothelial dysfunction.
The Nigeria high glycemic index starchy foods, obesity, and the environment.
Yacon (Smallanthus sonchifolius)-derived fructooligosaccharides improves the immune parameters in the mouse.
A new case of malonic aciduria with a presymptomatic diagnosis and an early treatment.
Vulnerable carotid atherosclerotic plaque creation in a Swine model: evaluation of stenosis creation using absorbable and permanent suture in a diabetic dyslipidemic model.
Diet behavior and low hemoglobin level after laparoscopic mini-gastric bypass surgery.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress upregulates protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B and impairs glucose uptake in cultured myotubes.
Steady and dynamic shear rheological properties of gum-based food thickeners used for diet modification of patients with dysphagia: effect of concentration.
Iron excess disturbs metabolic status and relative gonad mass in rats on high fat, fructose, and salt diets.
The liver X receptor agonist T0901317 protects mice from high fat diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance.
Lactate flux and gluconeogenesis in fasting, weaned northern elephant seals (Mirounga angustirostris).
Astaxanthin prevents loss of insulin signaling and improves glucose metabolism in liver of insulin resistant mice.
Plasma potassium concentration and content changes after banana ingestion in exercised men.
The sphingosine-1-phosphate analog FTY720 reduces muscle ceramide content and improves glucose tolerance in high fat-fed male mice.
Glucose intolerance and lipid metabolic adaptations in response to intrauterine and postnatal calorie restriction in male adult rats.
The full capacity of AICAR to reduce obesity-induced inflammation and insulin resistance requires myeloid SIRT1.
Cardiometabolic risk after weight loss and subsequent weight regain in overweight and obese postmenopausal women.
Effects of brassinosteroid analogues on total phenols, antioxidant activity, sugars, organic acids and yield of field grown endive (Cichorium endivia L.).
Localization of lipoprotein lipase and GPIHBP1 in mouse pancreas: effects of diet and leptin deficiency.
A glucagon-like peptide-1 analog reverses the molecular pathology and cardiac dysfunction of a mouse model of obesity.
Diets for body weight control and health: the potential of changing the macronutrient composition.
Clinical value of a high-fat and low-carbohydrate diet before FDG-PET/CT for evaluation of patients with suspected cardiac sarcoidosis.
Biglycan deletion alters adiponectin expression in murine adipose tissue and 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
Validity and test-retest reliability of a short dietary questionnaire to assess intake of saturated fat and free sugars: a preliminary study.
Sources of excessive saturated fat, trans fat and sugar consumption in Brazil: an analysis of the first Brazilian nationwide individual dietary survey.
Effects of inadequate maternal dietary protein:carbohydrate ratios during pregnancy on offspring immunity in pigs.
Dietary glycemic index, glycemic load, and digestible carbohydrate intake are not associated with risk of type 2 diabetes in eight European countries.
Impact of glycaemic index and dietary fibre on insulin sensitivity during the refeeding phase of a weight cycle in young healthy men.
Transcriptional regulatory factor X6 (Rfx6) increases gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP) expression in enteroendocrine K-cells and is involved in GIP hypersecretion in high fat diet-induced obesity.
Dietary fat acutely increases glucose concentrations and insulin requirements in patients with type 1 diabetes: implications for carbohydrate-based bolus dose calculation and intensive diabetes management.
Effects of isolated and complex dietary fiber matrices in breads on carbohydrate digestibility and physicochemical properties of ileal effluent from pigs.
The alpha-glucosidase inhibitor miglitol affects bile acid metabolism and ameliorates obesity and insulin resistance in diabetic mice.
Regulation of intestinal serotonin transporter expression via epigenetic mechanisms: role of HDAC2.
Renoprotective effects of berberine and its possible molecular mechanisms in combination of high-fat diet and low-dose streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Therapy with Astragalus polysaccharides rescues lipotoxic cardiomyopathy in MHC-PPARα mice.
Protein extraction and two-dimensional gel electrophoresis of proteins in the marine mussel Mytilus galloprovincialis: an important tool for protein expression studies, food quality and safety assessment.
Intestinal microbiota determines development of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mice.
Sustained expression of the transcription factor GLIS3 is required for normal beta cell function in adults.
Blockade of renin angiotensin system increased resistance to STZ-induced diabetes in rats with long-term high-fat diet.
Nutrition therapy for liver diseases based on the status of nutritional intake.
Comparison of the performance of HbA1c and fasting plasma glucose in identifying dysglycaemic status in Chinese high-risk subjects.
HbA(1c) as a diagnostic tool for diabetes and pre-diabetes: the Bangladesh experience.
Role of gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT) in diagnosis of impaired glucose tolerance and metabolic syndrome: a prospective cohort research from the Kerman Coronary Artery Disease Risk Study (KERCADRS).
Ameliorating effect of Semecarpus anacardium Linn. nut milk extract on altered glucose metabolism in high fat diet STZ induced type 2 diabetic rats.
A comprehensive FFQ developed for use in New Zealand adults: reliability and validity for nutrient intakes.
EMAS position statement: Diet and health in midlife and beyond.
Polycystic ovary syndrome offspring display increased oxidative stress markers comparable to gestational diabetes offspring.
Differential development of glucose intolerance and pancreatic islet adaptation in multiple diet induced obesity models.
Body mass index (BMI) trajectories from birth to 11.5 years: relation to early life food intake.
Tocotrienols reverse cardiovascular, metabolic and liver changes in high carbohydrate, high fat diet-fed rats.
Whole-organism screening for gluconeogenesis identifies activators of fasting metabolism.
Effects of white rice, brown rice and germinated brown rice on antioxidant status of type 2 diabetic rats.
The relation between dietary intake of vegetable oils and serum lipids and apolipoprotein levels in central Iran.
Plasma sphingolipids are biomarkers of metabolic syndrome in non-human primates maintained on a Western-style diet.
Sargassum polycystum reduces hyperglycaemia, dyslipidaemia and oxidative stress via increasing insulin sensitivity in a rat model of type 2 diabetes.
Glucose metabolic trapping in mouse arteries: nonradioactive assay of atherosclerotic plaque inflammation applicable to drug discovery.
Determining the osmolality of over-concentrated and supplemented infant formulas.
Anti-diabetic activity of chromium picolinate and biotin in rats with type 2 diabetes induced by high-fat diet and streptozotocin.
Inhibition of CTRP9, a novel and cardiac-abundantly expressed cell survival molecule, by TNFα-initiated oxidative signaling contributes to exacerbated cardiac injury in diabetic mice.
Effect of feed intake restriction on reproductive performance and pregnancy rate in Egyptian buffalo heifers.
Combination therapy with losartan and pioglitazone additively reduces renal oxidative and nitrative stress induced by chronic high fat, sucrose, and sodium intake.
[Effect of dendrobium mixture on hypoglycemic and the apoptosis of islet in rats with type 2 diabetic mellitus].
Effect of resistant starch on the cooking quality of yam (Dioscorea spp.) and cassava (Manihot esculenta) based paste products.
Hyperinsulinemia drives diet-induced obesity independently of brain insulin production.
Hepatic glucokinase modulates obesity predisposition by regulating BAT thermogenesis via neural signals.
Risk factors and pain status due to diabetic neuropathy in chronic long-term diabetic patients in a Chinese urban population.
Dietary fibre consumption and insulin resistance - the role of body fat and physical activity.
Haemoglobin glycation may partly explain the discordance between HbA1c measurement and oral glucose tolerance test to diagnose dysglycaemia in overweight/obese subjects.
Effect of a high-protein diet on kidney function in healthy adults: results from the OmniHeart trial.
Anti-diabetic activities of Gegen Qinlian Decoction in high-fat diet combined with streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats and in 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
Effect of reducing total fat intake on body weight: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials and cohort studies.
Blueberry polyphenol-enriched soybean flour reduces hyperglycemia, body weight gain and serum cholesterol in mice.
Caffeine prevents weight gain and cognitive impairment caused by a high-fat diet while elevating hippocampal BDNF.
Brown adipose tissue regulates glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity.
Protein leverage affects energy intake of high-protein diets in humans.
Hepatic glucose metabolism in late pregnancy: normal versus high-fat and -fructose diet.
The effects of carbohydrate, unsaturated fat, and protein intake on measures of insulin sensitivity: results from the OmniHeart trial.
Do European people with type 1 diabetes consume a high atherogenic diet? 7-year follow-up of the EURODIAB Prospective Complications Study.
Food consumption and cardiovascular risk factors in European children: the IDEFICS study.
(18)F-FDG PET imaging of murine atherosclerosis: association with gene expression of key molecular markers.
Human monoclonal antibodies against glucagon receptor improve glucose homeostasis by suppression of hepatic glucose output in diet-induced obese mice.
Effect of low-glycemic load diet on changes in cardiovascular risk factors in poorly controlled diabetic patients.
Dendrobium moniliforme attenuates high-fat diet-induced renal damage in mice through the regulation of lipid-induced oxidative stress.
Effects of adipocyte lipoprotein lipase on de novo lipogenesis and white adipose tissue browning.
Consumption of a high β-glucan barley flour improves glucose control and fatty liver and increases muscle acylcarnitines in the Zucker diabetic fatty rat.
Energy expenditure in obese children with pseudohypoparathyroidism type 1a.
Adaptations in brain reward circuitry underlie palatable food cravings and anxiety induced by high-fat diet withdrawal.
Effects of nitrogen underfeeding and energy source on nitrogen ruminal metabolism, digestion, and nitrogen partitioning in dairy cows.
Enhanced phase II detoxification contributes to beneficial effects of dietary restriction as revealed by multi-platform metabolomics studies.
The constitutive androstane receptor activator 4-[(4R,6R)-4,6-diphenyl-1,3-dioxan-2-yl]-N,N-dimethylaniline inhibits the gluconeogenic genes PEPCK and G6Pase through the suppression of HNF4α and FOXO1 transcriptional activity.
Glucose control during labour in diabetic women.
Nutritional and health status of medical students at a university in Northwestern Saudi Arabia.
Long-term streptozotocin-induced diabetes in rats leads to severe damage of brain blood vessels and neurons via enhanced oxidative stress.
An opportunistic pathogen isolated from the gut of an obese human causes obesity in germfree mice.
Colesevelam for type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Environmental risk factors and metabolic syndrome components in overweight youngsters].
Way back for fructose and liver metabolism: bench side to molecular insights.
Academic stress levels were positively associated with sweet food consumption among Korean high-school students.
Telmisartan improves insulin resistance of skeletal muscle through peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-δ activation.
Selection for high muscle fat in rainbow trout induces potentially higher chylomicron synthesis and PUFA biosynthesis in the intestine.
Effects of phytic acid and exercise on some serum analytes in rats orally exposed to diets supplemented with cadmium.
Prediction of homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance in Japanese subjects.
Serum metabolic variables associated with impaired glucose tolerance induced by high-fat-high-cholesterol diet in Macaca mulatta.
A 6-month trial of resistance training with milk supplementation in adolescents: effects on body composition.
Effects of anaesthesia on insulin sensitivity and metabolic parameters in Wistar rats.
Gluconeogenesis and hepatic glycogenolysis during exercise at the lactate threshold.
IL-6 is not necessary for the regulation of adipose tissue mitochondrial content.
Protocol for ADDITION-PRO: a longitudinal cohort study of the cardiovascular experience of individuals at high risk for diabetes recruited from Danish primary care.
Effects of a ketogenic diet on brain metabolism in epilepsy.
Reducing the environmental impact of poultry breeding by genetic selection.
Increased inflammation in atherosclerotic lesions of diabetic Akita-LDLr⁻/⁻ mice compared to nondiabetic LDLr⁻/⁻ mice.
Effect of dietary phytate on phosphorus digestibility in dairy cows.
Westernized high-fat diet accelerates weight loss in dextran sulfate sodium-induced colitis in mice, which is further aggravated by supplementation of heme.
Integration of datasets from different analytical techniques to assess the impact of nutrition on human metabolome.
Chronic circadian clock disruption induces expression of the cardiovascular risk factor plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 in mice.
Branched-chain amino acids alter neurobehavioral function in rats.
Metabolic programming effects initiated in the suckling period predisposing for adult-onset obesity cannot be reversed by calorie restriction.
Selective inhibition of hypoxia-inducible factor 1α ameliorates adipose tissue dysfunction.
Angiotensin 1-7 as means to prevent the metabolic syndrome: lessons from the fructose-fed rat model.
[Nutrition for diabetic patients].
Novel genetic loci identified for the pathophysiology of childhood obesity in the Hispanic population.
Abdominal radiotherapy: a major determinant of metabolic syndrome in nephroblastoma and neuroblastoma survivors.
Lipopolysaccharide-induced TNF-α factor in grass carp (Ctenopharyngodon idella): evidence for its involvement in antiviral innate immunity.
Fructose consumption enhances glucocorticoid action in rat visceral adipose tissue.
Gluten-free diet reduces adiposity, inflammation and insulin resistance associated with the induction of PPAR-alpha and PPAR-gamma expression.
Application of near infrared reflectance spectroscopy for the evaluation of yam (Dioscorea alata) germplasm and breeding lines.
High-fat/fructose feeding during prenatal and postnatal development in female rats increases susceptibility to renal and metabolic injury later in life.
Lunch habits of German children and adolescents: composition and dietary quality.
Colesevelam suppresses hepatic glycogenolysis by TGR5-mediated induction of GLP-1 action in DIO mice.
Characterization of blood oxidative stress in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: increase in lipid peroxidation and SOD activity.
Glucan-rich polysaccharides from Pleurotus sajor-caju (Fr.) Singer prevents glucose intolerance, insulin resistance and inflammation in C57BL/6J mice fed a high-fat diet.
Diabetes risk gene and Wnt effector Tcf7l2/TCF4 controls hepatic response to perinatal and adult metabolic demand.
Trends in dietary intake among US 2- to 6-year-old children, 1989-2008.
Consumption patterns of sugar-sweetened beverages in the United States.
Reduced insulin secretion and glucose intolerance are involved in the fasting susceptibility of common vampire bats.
Serum calcitonin gene-related peptide levels in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Enhanced leptin sensitivity, reduced adiposity, and improved glucose homeostasis in mice lacking exchange protein directly activated by cyclic AMP isoform 1.
Nutrition and fluid optimization for patients with short bowel syndrome.
Grape seed procyanidin extract modulates proliferation and apoptosis of pancreatic beta-cells.
Malvidin, a red wine polyphenol, modulates mammalian myocardial and coronary performance and protects the heart against ischemia/reperfusion injury.
Interaction between maternal and postnatal high fat diet leads to a greater risk of myocardial dysfunction in offspring via enhanced lipotoxicity, IRS-1 serine phosphorylation and mitochondrial defects.
Lys656Asn polymorphism of leptin receptor gene is related with leptin changes after a high monounsaturated fat diet in obese patients.
Protective effects of the herbal medicine goshajinkigan in a rat model of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Metabolic response to high-carbohydrate and low-carbohydrate meals in a nonhuman primate model.
Longitudinal assessment of food intake, fecal energy loss, and energy expenditure after Roux-en-Y gastric bypass surgery in high-fat-fed obese rats.
Beneficial effects of omega-3 fatty acids on the consequences of a fructose diet are not mediated by PPAR delta or PGC1 alpha.
Dietary patterns and odds of Type 2 diabetes in Beirut, Lebanon: a case-control study.
Long-term exposure to [Cr(3)O(O (2)CCH (2)CH (3)) (6)(H (2)O) (3)] (+) in Wistar rats fed normal or high-fat diets does not alter glucose metabolism.
Sestrins activate Nrf2 by promoting p62-dependent autophagic degradation of Keap1 and prevent oxidative liver damage.
Dairy product consumption, calcium intakes, and metabolic syndrome-related factors over 5 years in the STANISLAS study.
A proposed cutoff point of waist-to-height ratio for metabolic risk in African township adolescents.
Hepatic lipid metabolic pathways modified by resveratrol in rats fed an obesogenic diet.
Regulation of TNFα converting enzyme activity in visceral adipose tissue of obese mice.
G6PC2: a negative regulator of basal glucose-stimulated insulin secretion.
Fam57b (family with sequence similarity 57, member B), a novel peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ target gene that regulates adipogenesis through ceramide synthesis.
Grape polyphenols prevent fructose-induced oxidative stress and insulin resistance in first-degree relatives of type 2 diabetic patients.
Protective effect of mannan oligosaccharides against early colonization by Salmonella Enteritidis in chicks is improved by higher dietary threonine levels.
Efficacy and safety of canagliflozin monotherapy in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus inadequately controlled with diet and exercise.
Insulin sensitivity not modulated 24 to 78 h after acute resistance exercise in type 2 diabetes patients.
The efficacy and safety of ezetimibe/simvastatin combination compared with intensified lipid-lowering treatment strategies in diabetic subjects with and without metabolic syndrome.
Nutritional benefits of Crematogaster mimosae ants and Acacia drepanolobium gum for patas monkeys and vervets in Laikipia, Kenya.
Xylanase supplementation improves the nutritive value of diets containing high levels of sorghum distillers' dried grains with solubles for broiler chickens.
Taurine supplementation improves liver glucose control in normal protein and malnourished mice fed a high-fat diet.
Nutritional status assessment of Minodar residence in Qazvin city, Iran: vitamin D deficiency in sunshine country, a public health issue.
8-Oxoguanine DNA glycosylase (OGG1) deficiency increases susceptibility to obesity and metabolic dysfunction.
Rapid loss of adiponectin-stimulated fatty acid oxidation in skeletal muscle of rats fed a high fat diet is not due to altered muscle redox state.
Liver-specific PGC-1beta deficiency leads to impaired mitochondrial function and lipogenic response to fasting-refeeding.
Phytic acid down-regulates IL-8 secretion from colonic epithelial cells by influencing mitogen-activated protein kinase signaling pathway.
The influence of TNF-alpha on concentration of soluble adhesion molecules in cultures of HT-29 cells exposed to inositol hexaphosphate.
The effect of phytic acid on the expression of NF-kappaB, IL-6 and IL-8 in IL-1beta-stimulated human colonic epithelial cells.
High bioavailability iron maize (Zea mays L.) developed through molecular breeding provides more absorbable iron in vitro (Caco-2 model) and in vivo (Gallus gallus).
Tissue-specific regulation of inflammation by macrophage migration inhibitory factor and glucocorticoids in fructose-fed Wistar rats.
Prenatal undernutrition and postnatal overnutrition alter thyroid hormone axis function in sheep.
Microbiota and gut-liver axis: their influences on obesity and obesity-related liver disease.
A multicenter, phase III evaluation of the efficacy and safety of a new fixed-dose pioglitazone/glimepiride combination tablet in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes.
Periodontitis as a novel contributor of adipose tissue inflammation promotes insulin resistance in a rat model.
The longer-term impacts of Western diet on human cognition and the brain.
High entomotoxicity and mechanism of the fungal GalNAc/Gal-specific Rhizoctonia solani lectin in pest insects.
Improved high-fat diet-induced glucose intolerance by an oral administration of phytosphingosine.
SIRT1 interacts with metabolic transcriptional factors in the pancreas of insulin-resistant and calorie-restricted rats.
Dietary antioxidants and risk of Barrett's esophagus and adenocarcinoma of the esophagus in an Australian population.
PKCθ over expression in the central nucleus of the amygdala or hypothalamus has differential effects on energy balance and peripheral glucose homeostasis.
Anti-diabetic effect of Coptis Chinensis polysaccharide in high-fat diet with STZ-induced diabetic mice.
Protective effects of matrine against progression of high-fructose diet-induced steatohepatitis by enhancing antioxidant and anti-inflammatory defences involving Nrf2 translocation.
Adipose tissue stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 index is increased and linoleic acid is decreased in obesity-prone rats fed a high-fat diet.
Metabolic endotoxaemia: is it more than just a gut feeling?
Fruit and vegetable intake and the association with glucose parameters: a cross-sectional analysis of the Let's Prevent Diabetes Study.
Des-acyl ghrelin analogs prevent high-fat-diet-induced dysregulation of glucose homeostasis.
High and low protein∶ carbohydrate dietary ratios during gestation alter maternal-fetal cortisol regulation in pigs.
Impact of weight loss with or without exercise on abdominal fat and insulin resistance in obese individuals: a randomised clinical trial.
Ginsenoside Rh1 ameliorates high fat diet-induced obesity in mice by inhibiting adipocyte differentiation.
Emodin regulates glucose utilization by activating AMP-activated protein kinase.
Comparison of the clinical manifestations of type 2 diabetes mellitus between rhesus monkey (Macaca mulatta lasiotis) and human being.
Detrimental effects of constant light exposure and high-fat diet on circadian energy metabolism and insulin sensitivity.
Protection of trigonelline on experimental diabetic peripheral neuropathy.
Diosmectite-zinc oxide composite improves intestinal barrier function, modulates expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines and tight junction protein in early weaned pigs.
Maternal weight gain induced by an obesogenic diet affects adipose accumulation, liver weight, and insulin homeostasis in the rat offspring depending on the sex.
[Effect of Ganoderma lucidum polysaccharides on oxidative stress of hyperlipidemic fatty liver in rats].
Correlation between mean platelet volume and fasting plasma glucose levels in prediabetic and normoglycemic individuals.
A possible cranio-oro-facial phenotype in Cockayne syndrome.
Dietary, anthropometric, and biochemical determinants of uric acid in free-living adults.
Effects of n-3 PUFAs on postprandial variation of metalloproteinases, and inflammatory and insulin resistance parameters in dyslipidemic patients: evaluation with euglycemic clamp and oral fat load.
Glycogen storage disease type Ia: linkage of glucose, glycogen, lactic acid, triglyceride, and uric acid metabolism.
Adding MUFA to a dietary portfolio of cholesterol-lowering foods reduces apoAI fractional catabolic rate in subjects with dyslipidaemia.
Perceived thickness and creaminess modulates the short-term satiating effects of high-protein drinks.
Genetic control of obesity and gut microbiota composition in response to high-fat, high-sucrose diet in mice.
High ferritin and low transferrin saturation are associated with pre-diabetes among a national representative sample of U.S. adults.
Effect of diet composition and incubation time on feed indigestible neutral detergent fiber concentration in dairy cows.
Glucose homeostasis can be differentially modulated by varying individual components of a western diet.
Overexpression of neuropeptide Y in the dorsomedial hypothalamus increases trial initiation but does not significantly alter concentration-dependent licking to sucrose in a brief-access taste test.
Effects of dietary fibers with different fermentation characteristics on feeding motivation in adult female pigs.
Rats acquire stronger preference for flavors consumed towards the end of a high-fat meal.
Long-term dietary effects on substrate selection and muscle fiber type in very-long-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficient (VLCAD(-/-)) mice.
Aldosterone deficiency prevents high-fat-feeding-induced hyperglycaemia and adipocyte dysfunction in mice.
Recovery in soccer : part ii-recovery strategies.
Beneficial effects of (pGlu-Gln)-CCK-8 on energy intake and metabolism in high fat fed mice are associated with alterations of hypothalamic gene expression.
Oxidative stress and innate immunity status in chickens exposed to high dose of ascorbic acid.
Dietary n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids modify phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase activity and lipid synthesis from glucose in adipose tissue of rats fed a high-sucrose diet.
Emerging science in the dietary control and prevention of dental caries.
An iTRAQ proteomic study reveals an association between diet-induced enhanced fatty acid metabolism and the development of glucose intolerance in prediabetic mice.
Exploring the ameliorative potential of probiotic Dahi containing Lactobacillus acidophilus and Bifidobacterium bifidum on dextran sodium sulphate induced colitis in mice.
Saponins, especially platycodin D, from Platycodon grandiflorum modulate hepatic lipogenesis in high-fat diet-fed rats and high glucose-exposed HepG2 cells.
The interplay between fiber and the intestinal microbiome in the inflammatory response.
Human zinc deficiency: discovery to initial translation.
High anthocyanin intake is associated with a reduced risk of myocardial infarction in young and middle-aged women.
Modified high-sucrose diet-induced abdominally obese and normal-weight rats developed high plasma free fatty acid and insulin resistance.
Inhibitory effect of anthocyanidins on hepatic glutathione S-transferase, UDP-glucuronosyltransferase and carbonyl reductase activities in rat and human.
Clustering of energy balance-related behaviors and parental education in European children: the ENERGY-project.
Decrease of postprandial endothelial dysfunction by spice mix added to high-fat hamburger meat in men with Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Lactose malabsorption and colonic fermentations alter host metabolism in rats.
Baclofen-induced reductions in optional food intake depend upon food composition.
CARD3 deficiency exacerbates diet-induced obesity, hepatosteatosis, and insulin resistance in male mice.
Altered trace mineral milieu might play an aetiological role in the pathogenesis of polycystic ovary syndrome.
Estrogen deficiency aggravates insulin resistance and induces β-cell loss and diabetes in female New Zealand obese mice.
Hyperactive hypothalamus, motivated and non-distractible chronic overeating in ADAR2 transgenic mice.
Dietary composition of carbohydrates contributes to the development of experimental type 2 diabetes.
Blood pressure decreases more after high-carbohydrate meals than after high-protein meals in overweight adults with elevated blood pressure, but there is no difference after 4 weeks of consuming a carbohydrate-rich or protein-rich diet.
A diet high in resistant starch modulates microbiota composition, SCFA concentrations, and gene expression in pig intestine.
Adipose tissue-specific deletion of 12/15-lipoxygenase protects mice from the consequences of a high-fat diet.
Effect of dietary fiber on constipation: a meta analysis.
Comparative genomic analysis of the microbiome [corrected] of herbivorous insects reveals eco-environmental adaptations: biotechnology applications.
A Drosophila model of high sugar diet-induced cardiomyopathy.
Development and verification of a mouse model for Roux-en-Y gastric bypass surgery with a small gastric pouch.
Erythropoietin inhibits gluconeogenesis and inflammation in the liver and improves glucose intolerance in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Proteomic analysis of skeletal muscle in insulin-resistant mice: response to 6-week aerobic exercise.
Hydrogen improves glycemic control in type1 diabetic animal model by promoting glucose uptake into skeletal muscle.
Effect of dietary myo-inositol supplementation in pregnancy on the incidence of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and fetal outcomes: a randomized controlled trial.
Impact of intensive high-fat ingestion in the early stage of recovery from exercise training on substrate metabolism during exercise in humans.
Neprilysin deficiency protects against fat-induced insulin secretory dysfunction by maintaining calcium influx.
Short and long-term outcomes from a multisession diabetes education program targeting low-income minority patients: a six-month follow up.
[Clinical and medication characteristics of senior hospitalized patients with chronic constipation].
[Dietary energy density and associated factors: how is the population of Sao Paulo doing?].
Astrocytic leptin-receptor knockout mice show partial rescue of leptin resistance in diet-induced obesity.
Lack of GPR40/FFAR1 does not induce diabetes even under insulin resistance condition.
Relation between salivary cortisol as stress biomarker and dietary pattern in children.
Refeeding with a standard diet after a 48-h fast elicits an inflammatory response in the mouse liver.
Responses to oleic, linoleic and α-linolenic acids in high-carbohydrate, high-fat diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rats.
Diet-induced hyperinsulinemia differentially affects glucose and protein metabolism: a high-throughput metabolomic approach in rats.
Shifting to a control diet after a high-fat, high-sucrose diet intake induces epigenetic changes in retroperitoneal adipocytes of Wistar rats.
Abnormalities in carbohydrate and lipid metabolisms in high-fructose dietfed insulin-resistant rats: amelioration by Catharanthus roseus treatments.
Lipid lowering and antioxidant effect of miglitol in triton treated hyperlipidemic and high fat diet induced obese rats.
Impaired contractile recovery after low-flow myocardial ischemia in a porcine model of metabolic syndrome.
Heterozygous deficiency of endoglin decreases insulin and hepatic triglyceride levels during high fat diet.
[Correlation between vaspin concentration and insulin sensitivity in the visceral adipose tissue of young obese rats].
Genetic variation in the cannabinoid receptor gene (CNR1) (G1359A polymorphism) and their influence on anthropometric parameters and metabolic parameters under a high monounsaturated vs. high polyunsaturated fat hypocaloric diets.
Genome damage in peripheral blood lymphocytes of diabetic and non-diabetic individuals after intervention with vegetables and plant oil.
Interactive effects of a high-quality protein diet and high stocking density on the stress response and some innate immune parameters of Senegalese sole Solea senegalensis.
[Diet of six-year-old Icelandic children - National dietary survey 2011-2012].
Multiple mechanisms of GW-9508, a selective G protein-coupled receptor 40 agonist, in the regulation of glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity.
Female Nur77-deficient mice show increased susceptibility to diet-induced obesity.
High-fat diet is associated with obesity-mediated insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction in Mexican Americans.
Timing of peak blood glucose after breakfast meals of different glycemic index in women with gestational diabetes.
Nutrition of the critically ill &amp;#8212; a 21st-century perspective.
Dietary sodium restriction prevents kidney damage in high fructose-fed rats.
Pathogenesis of prediabetes: role of the liver in isolated fasting hyperglycemia and combined fasting and postprandial hyperglycemia.
Muscle insulin resistance resulting from impaired microvascular insulin sensitivity in Sprague Dawley rats.
Dual probiotic strains suppress high fructose-induced metabolic syndrome.
Risk factors of accelerated progression of peripheral artery disease in hemodialysis.
Activation of PPARα ameliorates hepatic insulin resistance and steatosis in high fructose-fed mice despite increased endoplasmic reticulum stress.
Hyaluronan accumulates with high-fat feeding and contributes to insulin resistance.
Alteration of JNK-1 signaling in skeletal muscle fails to affect glucose homeostasis and obesity-associated insulin resistance in mice.
Dietary proportions of carbohydrates, fat, and protein and risk of oesophageal cancer by histological type.
Young overweight and obese women with lower circulating osteocalcin concentrations exhibit higher insulin resistance and concentrations of C-reactive protein.
The relationships between sugar-sweetened beverage intake and cardiometabolic markers in young children.
Reducing calories and added sugars by improving children's beverage choices.
Medaka fish, Oryzias latipes, as a model for human obesity-related glomerulopathy.
Low body weight gain, low white blood cell count and high serum ferritin as markers of poor nutrition and increased risk for preterm delivery.
Post-transcriptional activation of PPAR alpha by KLF6 in hepatic steatosis.
The influence of two lithium forms on the growth, L-ascorbic acid content and lithium accumulation in lettuce plants.
Equisetum arvense hydro-alcoholic extract: phenolic composition and antifungal and antimycotoxigenic effect against Aspergillus flavus and Fusarium verticillioides in stored maize.
Role of fat body lipogenesis in protection against the effects of caloric overload in Drosophila.
Effects of glycine-arginine-α-ketoisocaproic acid supplementation in college-age trained females during multi-bouts of resistance exercise.
The development and validation of the Portuguese risk score for detecting type 2 diabetes and impaired fasting glucose.
Estimated glycemic index and dietary fiber content of cookies elaborated with extruded wheat bran.
The glycaemic and C-peptide responses of foods rich in dietary fibre from oat, buckwheat and lingonberry.
Analysis of resistant starches in rat cecal contents using Fourier transform infrared photoacoustic spectroscopy.
Protective effects of azelaic acid against high-fat diet-induced oxidative stress in liver, kidney and heart of C57BL/6J mice.
Intakes of vitamin C and carotenoids and risk of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: pooled results from 5 cohort studies.
Metabolic syndrome risk factors in overweight, obese, and extremely obese Brazilian adolescents.
Monounsaturated fatty acids and risk of cardiovascular disease: synopsis of the evidence available from systematic reviews and meta-analyses.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of different dietary approaches to the management of type 2 diabetes.
Gut hormone activity of children born to women with and without gestational diabetes.
Cellular mechanism by which estradiol protects female ovariectomized mice from high-fat diet-induced hepatic and muscle insulin resistance.
Berries reduce postprandial insulin responses to wheat and rye breads in healthy women.
Effect of feeding level on the composition of the intestinal microbiota in weaned piglets.
Influence of fermentable carbohydrates or protein on large intestinal and urinary metabolomic profiles in piglets.
Starch and fiber properties affect their kinetics of digestion and thereby digestive physiology in pigs.
Dietary energy density affects the preference for protein or carbohydrate solutions and piglet performance after weaning.
Effect of supplementing different ratios of laminarin and fucoidan in the diet of the weanling piglet on performance, nutrient digestibility, and fecal scoring.
Effect of immune system stimulation and divergent selection for residual feed intake on digestive capacity of the small intestine in growing pigs.
Consumption of guar gum and retrograded high-amylose corn resistant starch increases IL-10 abundance without affecting pro-inflammatory cytokines in the colon of pigs fed a high-fat diet.
The porcine gut microbial metagenomic library for mining novel cellulases established from growing pigs fed cellulose-supplemented high-fat diets.
Exercise training prevents the development of cardiac dysfunction in the low-dose streptozotocin diabetic rats fed a high-fat diet.
The impact of dietary habits and nutritional deficiencies in urban African patients living with heart failure in Soweto, South Africa--a review.
Digestive capacities allow the Mexican long-nosed bat (Leptonycteris nivalis) to live in cold environments.
Different diets cause alterations in the enteric environment and trigger changes in the expression of hepatic cytochrome P450 3A, a drug-metabolizing enzyme.
Insulin autoimmune syndrome in a health supplement user: the effectiveness of cornstarch therapy for treating hypoglycemia.
Liquid meal composition, postprandial satiety hormones, and perceived appetite and satiety in obese women during acute caloric restriction.
Acute high-intensity endurance exercise is more effective than moderate-intensity exercise for attenuation of postprandial triglyceride elevation.
Activation of CD11b+ Kupffer cells/macrophages as a common cause for exacerbation of TNF/Fas-ligand-dependent hepatitis in hypercholesterolemic mice.
Low-carbohydrate diets and all-cause mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Isoenergetic replacement of fat by starch in diets for African catfish (Clarias gariepinus): effect on water fluxes in the gastro intestinal tract.
[The lipid metabolism abnormality in patients administered with olanzapine].
Dietary fibre fermentability but not viscosity elicited the 'second-meal effect' in healthy adult dogs.
Inconvenient truth or public health threat?
Serum levo-carnitine levels and skeletal muscle functions in type 2 diabetes mellitus in rodents.
Effect of dietary resveratrol on the metabolic profile of nutrients in obese OLETF rats.
Distinct regulation of plasma LDL cholesterol by eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid in high fat diet-fed hamsters: participation of cholesterol ester transfer protein and LDL receptor.
Disrupted daily light-dark cycle induces the expression of hepatic gluconeogenic regulatory genes and hyperglycemia with glucose intolerance in mice.
Post-slaughter changes in ATP metabolites, reducing and phosphorylated sugars in chicken meat.
Review of fiber methods and applicability to fortified foods and supplements: choosing the correct method and interpreting results.
Macronutrient intakes and development of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies.
The hindgut lumen prokaryotic microbiota of the termite Reticulitermes flavipes and its responses to dietary lignocellulose composition.
Anti-obesity effect of Lactobacillus gasseri BNR17 in high-sucrose diet-induced obese mice.
Maternal obesity during the preconception and early life periods alters pancreatic development in early and adult life in male mouse offspring.
[Caries of permanent dentition in medieval inhabitants of Wrocław].
Temporal change in the gut community of rats fed high amylose cornstarch is driven by endogenous urea rather than strictly on carbohydrate availability.
Northern contaminant mixtures induced morphological and functional changes in human coronary artery endothelial cells under culture conditions typifying high fat/sugar diet and ethanol exposure.
The potential for enhancement of immunity in cats by dietary supplementation.
Bellagio report on healthy agriculture, healthy nutrition, healthy people.
Impact of salt exposure on N-acetylgalactosamine-4-sulfatase (arylsulfatase B) activity, glycosaminoglycans, kininogen, and bradykinin.
Insufficient ascorbic acid intake during gestation induces abnormal cardiac dilation in fetal and neonatal SMP30/GNL knockout mice.
Germination of oat and quinoa and evaluation of the malts as gluten free baking ingredients.
Effects of fish oil and additional starch on tissue fatty acid profile and lipogenic gene mRNA abundance in lactating goats fed a diet containing sunflower-seed oil.
BMP4-mediated brown fat-like changes in white adipose tissue alter glucose and energy homeostasis.
A high intake of dietary fiber influences C-reactive protein and fibrinogen, but not glucose and lipid metabolism, in mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects.
Dietary fructose in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Diet and renal stone formation.
The effect of long-term taurine supplementation and fructose feeding on glucose and lipid homeostasis in Wistar rats.
Perinatal taurine imbalance alters the interplay of renin-angiotensin system and estrogen on glucose-insulin regulation in adult female rats.
Effects of taurine supplementation upon food intake and central insulin signaling in malnourished mice fed on a high-fat diet.
The importance of males: larval diet and adult sugar feeding influences reproduction in Culex molestus.
[Nutritional factors of inflammation induction or lipid mechanism of intestinal endotoxin transport].
Quinine controls body weight gain without affecting food intake in male C57BL6 mice.
The bioavailability of vitamin C from kiwifruit.
X and Y chromosome complement influence adiposity and metabolism in mice.
Relation of socio-economic status to impaired fasting glucose and Type 2 diabetes: findings based on a large population-based cross-sectional study in Tianjin, China.
Deletion of CD73 promotes dyslipidemia and intramyocellular lipid accumulation in muscle of mice.
Time-restricted feeding of rapidly digested starches causes stronger entrainment of the liver clock in PER2::LUCIFERASE knock-in mice.
Numeracy and dietary intake in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Prevention of neutrophil protein oxidation with vitamins C and E diet supplementation without affecting the adaptive response to exercise.
Identification and quantification of anthocyanins in Kyoho grape juice-making pomace, Cabernet Sauvignon grape winemaking pomace and their fresh skin.
Liver fatty acid binding protein (L-Fabp) modulates murine stellate cell activation and diet-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Efficacy of azelaic acid on hepatic key enzymes of carbohydrate metabolism in high fat diet induced type 2 diabetic mice.
High carbohydrate-low protein consumption maximizes Drosophila lifespan.
Feeding barley grain-rich diets altered electrophysiological properties and permeability of the ruminal wall in a goat model.
Effects of high-protein versus high-carbohydrate diets on markers of β-cell function, oxidative stress, lipid peroxidation, proinflammatory cytokines, and adipokines in obese, premenopausal women without diabetes: a randomized controlled trial.
A dairy-based high calcium diet improves glucose homeostasis and reduces steatosis in the context of preexisting obesity.
Sterculic oil, a natural inhibitor of SCD1, improves the metabolic state of obese OLETF rats.
Fish oil attenuates omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid-induced dysbiosis and infectious colitis but impairs LPS dephosphorylation activity causing sepsis.
Progression of cardiovascular and endocrine dysfunction in a rabbit model of obesity.
Osteocalcin reverses endoplasmic reticulum stress and improves impaired insulin sensitivity secondary to diet-induced obesity through nuclear factor-κB signaling pathway.
A randomized trial of energy-restricted high-protein versus high-carbohydrate, low-fat diet in morbid obesity.
Diet composition modulates expression of sirtuins and renin-angiotensin system components in adipose tissue.
Dietary sphingomyelin lowers hepatic lipid levels and inhibits intestinal cholesterol absorption in high-fat-fed mice.
Induction of receptor for advanced glycation end products by insufficient leptin action triggers pancreatic β-cell failure in type 2 diabetes.
Prevention and reversal of hepatic steatosis with a high-protein diet in mice.
The long-term effectiveness of a lifestyle intervention in severely obese individuals.
Effects of progestin-only long-acting contraception on metabolic markers in obese women.
Reduction of abdominal fat accumulation in rats by 8-week ingestion of a newly developed sweetener made from high fructose corn syrup.
A water-alcohol extract of Citrus grandis whole fruits has beneficial metabolic effects in the obese Zucker rats fed with high fat/high cholesterol diet.
Methylphenidate prevents high-fat diet (HFD)-induced learning/memory impairment in juvenile mice.
Spiritual and religious beliefs and practices and social support's relationship to diabetes self-care activities in African Americans.
Short-term, high fat feeding-induced changes in white adipose tissue gene expression are highly predictive for long-term changes.
Colon cancer survival worse for patients with high-carb diet.
Influence of obesity and cardiometabolic makers on lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA2) activity in adolescents: the healthy young cross-sectional study.
A Palaeolithic-type diet causes strong tissue-specific effects on ectopic fat deposition in obese postmenopausal women.
The effect of dietary fibre on reducing the glycaemic index of bread.
Sugar consumption and global prevalence of obesity and hypertension: an ecological analysis.
Freeze-dried jaboticaba peel powder improves insulin sensitivity in high-fat-fed mice.
Food purchasing selection among low-income, Spanish-speaking Latinos.
Apple pectin for the reduction of niacin-induced flushing.
Change in subcutaneous adipose tissue metabolism and gene network expression during the transition period in dairy cows, including differences due to sire genetic merit.
A ketogenic diet improves motor performance but does not affect β-amyloid levels in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
'If it tastes good, I'm drinking it': qualitative study of beverage consumption among college students.
Improvement of insulin resistance, blood pressure and interstitial pH in early developmental stage of insulin resistance in OLETF rats by intake of propolis extracts.
Narirutin fraction from citrus peels attenuates alcoholic liver disease in mice.
Sequencing ancient calcified dental plaque shows changes in oral microbiota with dietary shifts of the Neolithic and Industrial revolutions.
Effects of improved fat content of frankfurters and pâtés on lipid and lipoprotein profile of volunteers at increased cardiovascular risk: a placebo-controlled study.
Associations of protein, fat, and carbohydrate intakes with insomnia symptoms among middle-aged Japanese workers.
L-tryptophan suppresses rise in blood glucose and preserves insulin secretion in type-2 diabetes mellitus rats.
Dietary composition in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review to inform evidence-based guidelines.
Innovative analytical tools to characterize prebiotic carbohydrates of functional food interest.
Pancreatic inflammation and increased islet macrophages in insulin-resistant juvenile primates.
Retinol-binding protein 4 as a risk factor for cholesterol gallstone formation.
High-dose supplements of vitamins C and E, low-dose multivitamins, and the risk of age-related cataract: a population-based prospective cohort study of men.
Effects of model Maillard compounds on bone characteristics and functionality.
A galactose-specific sugar: phosphotransferase permease is prevalent in the non-core genome of Streptococcus mutans.
Effect of physical activity measurement type on the association between walking activity and glucose regulation in a high-risk population recruited from primary care.
DNA damage and cytotoxicity in adult subjects with prediabetes.
Influence of dietary patterns on the risk of acute myocardial infarction in China population: the INTERHEART China study.
Glutathione S-transferase M1 and T1 gene polymorphisms with consumption of high fruit-juice and vegetable diet affect antioxidant capacity in healthy adults.
An anthocyanin-rich extract from Kamchatka honeysuckle increases enzymatic activity within the gut and ameliorates abnormal lipid and glucose metabolism in rats.
[Impact of high-fat diet induced obesity on glucose absorption in small intestinal mucose in rats].
Lifestyle intervention reduces body weight and improves cardiometabolic risk factors in worksites.
DIA-2, a polyherbal formulation ameliorates hyperglycemia and protein-oxidation without increasing the body weight in type II diabetic rats.
Inhibition of galectin-3 reduces atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice.
High-fructose diet downregulates long-chain acyl-CoA synthetase 3 expression in liver of hamsters via impairing LXR/RXR signaling pathway.
Effects of danqidihuang granules on glucolipid metabolism in insulin-resistant rats.
Effects of vitamin C and E intake on peak expiratory flow rate of asthmatic children exposed to atmospheric particulate matter.
Increased susceptibility to diet-induced obesity in GPRC6A receptor knockout mice.
Metabolic response to lipid infusion in fasting winter-acclimatized king penguin chicks (Aptenodytes patagonicus).
Nutritional Consequences of Adhering to a Low Phenylalanine Diet for Late-Treated Adults with PKU : Low Phe Diet for Adults with PKU.
Curcumin prevents liver fat accumulation and serum fetuin-A increase in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Two Cases of Pulmonary Hypertension Associated with Type III Glycogen Storage Disease.
The hydrolase DDAH2 enhances pancreatic insulin secretion by transcriptional regulation of secretagogin through a Sirt1-dependent mechanism in mice.
Partial inhibition of adipose tissue lipolysis improves glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity without alteration of fat mass.
High glycemic and insulinemic responses to meals affect plasma growth hormone secretory characteristics in Quarter Horse weanlings.
Colestilan decreases weight gain by enhanced NEFA incorporation in biliary lipids and fecal lipid excretion.
Ginsenoside Rb1 reduces fatty liver by activating AMP-activated protein kinase in obese rats.
Effects of dietary carbohydrate replaced with wild rice (Zizania latifolia (Griseb) Turcz) on insulin resistance in rats fed with a high-fat/cholesterol diet.
Double-blind, randomized, crossover, controlled clinical trial of NaCl + Chitosan 3% versus NaCl on mild or moderate high blood pressure during the diet and lifestyle improvement period before possible prescription of an antihypertensive treatment.
Absorption patterns of meals containing complex carbohydrates in type 1 diabetes.
Intravenous glial growth factor 2 (GGF2) isoform of neuregulin-1β improves left ventricular function, gene and protein expression in rats after myocardial infarction.
Amylin and GLP-1 target different populations of area postrema neurons that are both modulated by nutrient stimuli.
Molecular mechanisms underlying the anti-obesity potential of prunetin, an O-methylated isoflavone.
Acne: the role of medical nutrition therapy.
Dietary sugar and artificial sweetener intake and chronic kidney disease: a review.
Optimum nutrition for kidney stone disease.
Caffeine ingestion and cycling power output in a low or normal muscle glycogen state.
Protective effect of caffeine against high sugar-induced transcription of microRNAs and consequent gene silencing: a study using lenses of galactosemic mice.
Topologically heterogeneous beta cell adaptation in response to high-fat diet in mice.
Genetically obese mice do not show increased gut permeability or faecal bile acid hydrophobicity.
Psychometric validation of the Self-Care Inventory-Revised (SCI-R) in UK adults with type 2 diabetes using data from the AT.LANTUS Follow-on study.
Arginase inhibition by piceatannol-3'-O-β-D-glucopyranoside improves endothelial dysfunction via activation of endothelial nitric oxide synthase in ApoE-null mice fed a high-cholesterol diet.
Obesity and insulin resistance in pediatric acute lymphoblastic leukemia worsens during maintenance therapy.
Increased glucagon-like peptide-1 secretion may be involved in antidiabetic effects of ginsenosides.
Effects of a new sustained-release microsphere formulation of exenatide, DA-3091, on obese and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease mice.
Kimchi, a fermented vegetable, improves serum lipid profiles in healthy young adults: randomized clinical trial.
A Drosophila functional evaluation of candidates from human genome-wide association studies of type 2 diabetes and related metabolic traits identifies tissue-specific roles for dHHEX.
Nutritional and metabolic determinants of blood rheology differ between trained and sedentary individuals.
Altered pregnancy outcomes in mice following treatment with the hyperglycaemia mimetic, glucosamine, during the periconception period.
Naringin improves diet-induced cardiovascular dysfunction and obesity in high carbohydrate, high fat diet-fed rats.
Very severely obese patients have a high prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease.
Patterns of preconception, prenatal and postnatal care for diabetic women by obstetrician-gynecologists.
Paraoxonase-1 deficiency is associated with severe liver steatosis in mice fed a high-fat high-cholesterol diet: a metabolomic approach.
Comparison of the effects of 52 weeks weight loss with either a high-protein or high-carbohydrate diet on body composition and cardiometabolic risk factors in overweight and obese males.
Impact of commercially available diabetic prescription diets on short-term postprandial serum glucose, insulin, triglyceride and free fatty acid concentrations of obese cats.
Impaired fasting glucose and impaired glucose tolerance have distinct lipoprotein and apolipoprotein changes: the insulin resistance atherosclerosis study.
High energy diets-induced metabolic and prediabetic painful polyneuropathy in rats.
Estrogen signalling and the metabolic syndrome: targeting the hepatic estrogen receptor alpha action.
Increased adiposity, dysregulated glucose metabolism and systemic inflammation in Galectin-3 KO mice.
Programming of glucose-insulin homoeostasis: long-term consequences of pre-natal versus early post-natal nutrition insults. Evidence from a sheep model.
Supplementation of a grape seed and grape marc meal extract decreases activities of the oxidative stress-responsive transcription factors NF-κB and Nrf2 in the duodenal mucosa of pigs.
Modulatory effect of green tea extract on hepatic key enzymes of glucose metabolism in streptozotocin and high fat diet induced diabetic rats.
Low dose chromium-polynicotinate or policosanol is effective in hypercholesterolemic children only in combination with glucomannan.
Fatigue and quality of life in citrin deficiency during adaptation and compensation stage.
Kinetic analysis of FDG in rat liver: effect of dietary intervention on arterial and portal vein input.
Short-term calorie and protein restriction provide partial protection from chemotoxicity but do not delay glioma progression.
Cell suspension culture of Eriobotrya japonica regulates the diabetic and hyperlipidemic signs of high-fat-fed mice.
Gastric bypass surgery elevates NT-ProBNP levels.
Ethnic group differences in cardiometabolic disease risk factors independent of body mass index among American youth.
A high-carbohydrate diet effects on the A allele of hepatic lipase polymorphism on the apoB100/apoAI ratio in young Chinese males.
Risk factors for rampant caries in children from southwestern Nigeria.
Lifestyle impact on meal-induced insulin sensitization in health and prediabetes: a focus on diet, antioxidants, and exercise interventions.
Kalpaamruthaa ameliorates myocardial and aortic damage in cardiovascular complications associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Greater overall olfactory performance, explicit wanting for high fat foods and lipid intake during the mid-luteal phase of the menstrual cycle.
Effects of Saccharomyces cerevisiae and monensin on digestion, ruminal parameters, and balance of nitrogenous compounds of beef cattle fed diets with different starch concentrations.
[Synthesis and biological evaluation of tetrahydrocoptisine quaternary ammonium compounds].
Effects of rye and whole wheat versus refined cereal foods on metabolic risk factors: a randomised controlled two-centre intervention study.
Comparison of the metabolic effects of sustained CCK1 receptor activation alone and in combination with upregulated leptin signalling in high-fat-fed mice.
Effect of a dairy- and calcium-rich diet on weight loss and appetite during energy restriction in overweight and obese adults: a randomized trial.
Postprandial total and HMW adiponectin following a high-fat meal in lean, obese and diabetic men.
Polyunsaturated fatty acid-enriched diet therapy for a child with epilepsy.
Gelatinases impart susceptibility to high-fat diet-induced obesity in mice.
Increased dietary fat contributes to dysregulation of the LKB1/AMPK pathway and increased damage in a mouse model of early-stage ethanol-mediated steatosis.
A randomized controlled clinical trial investigating the effect of DASH diet on insulin resistance, inflammation, and oxidative stress in gestational diabetes.
Inhibition of sphingolipid synthesis improves dyslipidemia in the diet-induced hamster model of insulin resistance: evidence for the role of sphingosine and sphinganine in hepatic VLDL-apoB100 overproduction.
Blockade of the renin-angiotensin system improves cerebral microcirculatory perfusion in diabetic hypertensive rats.
Contribution of gastroenteropancreatic appetite hormones to protein-induced satiety.
Medical nutrition therapy administered by a dietitian yields favourable diabetes outcomes in individual with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Gut microbiota and metabolic syndrome.
High-fat diet-mediated lipotoxicity and insulin resistance is related to impaired lipase expression in mouse skeletal muscle.
The value of 18F-FDG PET/CT in diagnosing infectious endocarditis.
Hypolipidaemic effects of cyanidin 3-glucoside rich extract from black rice through regulating hepatic lipogenic enzyme activities.
Effects of arginine and antioxidant vitamins on pulmonary artery reactivity to phenylephrine in the broiler chicken.
High dietary magnesium intake is associated with low insulin resistance in the Newfoundland population.
The effect of dietary sodium and fructose intake on urine and serum parameters of stone formation in a pediatric mouse model: a pilot study.
Grain-rich diets differently alter ruminal and colonic abundance of microbial populations and lipopolysaccharide in goats.
Periconception diet does not vary by duration of US residence for Mexican immigrant women.
Moderate GLUT4 overexpression improves insulin sensitivity and fasting triglyceridemia in high-fat diet-fed transgenic mice.
Plasma arginine levels and blood glucose control in very preterm infants receiving 2 different parenteral nutrition regimens.
Diet, microbes, and host genetics: the perfect storm in inflammatory bowel diseases.
[Relationship of consumption of high glycemic index food in the diet and levels of HbA1c in type 2 diabetic patients treated with diet and/or metformin].
Freeze-dried jaboticaba peel powder rich in anthocyanins did not reduce weight gain and lipid content in mice and rats.
Effects of varying forage particle size and fermentable carbohydrates on feed sorting, ruminal fermentation, and milk and component yields of dairy cows.
Gastro-oesophageal reflux disease.
Duodenal-jejunal bypass improves glycemia and decreases SGLT1-mediated glucose absorption in rats with streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetes.
The role of hyperglycemia in the induction of oxidative stress and inflammatory process.
Intestinal and renal guanylin peptides system in hypertensive obese mice.
Food consumption and nutrient intake in Italian school children: results of the ZOOM8 study.
Fructose as a key player in the development of fatty liver disease.
Effects of low and high protein:carbohydrate ratios in the diet of pregnant gilts on maternal cortisol concentrations and the adrenocortical and sympathoadrenal reactivity in their offspring.
2011 and 2012 Early Careers Achievement Awards: use of genomic biology to study companion animal intestinal microbiota.
Creation of resveratrol-enriched rice for the treatment of metabolic syndrome and related diseases.
[Selected eating habits and caries occurrence in adolescents].
Subcutaneous administration of sodium alginate oligosaccharides prevents salt-induced hypertension in Dahl salt-sensitive rats.
The Mediterranean diet improves hepatic steatosis and insulin sensitivity in individuals with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Prevalence and energy intake from snacking in Brazil: analysis of the first nationwide individual survey.
Effects of vildagliptin versus sitagliptin, on cardiac function, heart rate variability and mitochondrial function in obese insulin-resistant rats.
Nutrient intakes, major food sources and dietary inadequacies of Inuit adults living in three remote communities in Nunavut, Canada.
A novel approach to monitor glucose metabolism using stable isotopically labelled glucose in longitudinal studies in mice.
Dietary components in the development of leptin resistance.
Energy and fructose from beverages sweetened with sugar or high-fructose corn syrup pose a health risk for some people.
Fructose: it's 'alcohol without the buzz'.
Sucrose, high-fructose corn syrup, and fructose, their metabolism and potential health effects: what do we really know?
Challenging the fructose hypothesis: new perspectives on fructose consumption and metabolism.
Effect of Talbinah food consumption on depressive symptoms among elderly individuals in long term care facilities, randomized clinical trial.
Mice lacking the intestinal peptide transporter display reduced energy intake and a subtle maldigestion/malabsorption that protects them from diet-induced obesity.
Fasting and meal-stimulated residual beta cell function is positively associated with serum concentrations of proinflammatory cytokines and negatively associated with anti-inflammatory and regulatory cytokines in patients with longer term type 1 diabetes.
Effects of ginger (Zingiber officinale) on plasma glucose level, HbA1c and insulin sensitivity in type 2 diabetic patients.
Early cardiac changes in a rat model of prediabetes: brain natriuretic peptide overexpression seems to be the best marker.
Advanced glycation end products accelerate rat vascular calcification through RAGE/oxidative stress.
Effect of fruit restriction on glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes--a randomized trial.
The effects of dietary nitrogen to water-soluble carbohydrate ratio on isotopic fractionation and partitioning of nitrogen in non-lactating sheep.
The effect of an exogenous amylase on performance and total-tract digestibility in lactating dairy cows fed a high-byproduct diet.
Ketogenic diets and thermal pain: dissociation of hypoalgesia, elevated ketones, and lowered glucose in rats.
Impaired hypotensive responses induced by intrathecally injected drugs in fructose-fed rats.
Antiobesity potential of ursolic acid stearoyl glucoside by inhibiting pancreatic lipase.
A newly identified polysaccharide from Ganoderma atrum attenuates hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia.
A DPP-IV-resistant triple-acting agonist of GIP, GLP-1 and glucagon receptors with potent glucose-lowering and insulinotropic actions in high-fat-fed mice.
Intestinal permeability in subjects from two different race groups with diverse stone-risk profiles.
Hyperlipidemia modifies innate immune responses to lipopolysaccharide via the TLR-NF-κB signaling pathway.
Effects of krill oil intake on plasma cholesterol and glucose levels in rats fed a high-cholesterol diet.
Topical application of capsaicin reduces visceral adipose fat by affecting adipokine levels in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Meal frequency differentially alters postprandial triacylglycerol and insulin concentrations in obese women.
Obesity and body fat classification in the metabolic syndrome: impact on cardiometabolic risk metabotype.
CD44 plays a critical role in regulating diet-induced adipose inflammation, hepatic steatosis, and insulin resistance.
Prevalence of food insecurity in patients with diabetes in western Kenya.
The sodium-dependent ascorbic acid transporter family SLC23.
Effects of rumen-escape starch and coarseness of ingredients in pelleted concentrates on performance and rumen wall characteristics of rosé veal calves.
Implication of fermentable carbohydrates targeting the gut microbiota on conjugated linoleic acid production in high-fat-fed mice.
Keap1 knockdown increases markers of metabolic syndrome after long-term high fat diet feeding.
Endogenous plasma glucagon-like peptide-1 following acute dietary fibre consumption.
Effects of acute exercise on postprandial triglyceride response after a high-fat meal in overweight black and white adolescents.
Lysophosphatidic acid impairs glucose homeostasis and inhibits insulin secretion in high-fat diet obese mice.
Comparison of postprandial profiles of ghrelin, active GLP-1, and total PYY to meals varying in fat and carbohydrate and their association with hunger and the phases of satiety.
Parasitic nematode-induced modulation of body weight and associated metabolic dysfunction in mouse models of obesity.
Enhanced adiponectin actions by overexpression of adiponectin receptor 1 in macrophages.
Reversal of dopamine system dysfunction in response to high-fat diet.
In vivo effect of oat cereal β-glucan on metabolic indexes and satiety-related hormones in diet-induced obesity C57-Bl mice.
Structural and functional microvascular alterations in a rat model of metabolic syndrome induced by a high-fat diet.
Acute exercise induces a phenotypic switch in adipose tissue macrophage polarization in diet-induced obese rats.
A low-glycemic diet lifestyle intervention improves fat utilization during exercise in older obese humans.
Probiotics L. plantarum and L. curvatus in combination alter hepatic lipid metabolism and suppress diet-induced obesity.
High fat diet partially attenuates fermentation responses in rats fed resistant starch from high-amylose maize.
Dietary copper supplementation restores β-cell function of Cohen diabetic rats: a link between mitochondrial function and glucose-stimulated insulin secretion.
Effects of a specific MCHR1 antagonist (GW803430) on energy budget and glucose metabolism in diet-induced obese mice.
High caloric intake at breakfast vs. dinner differentially influences weight loss of overweight and obese women.
Oral green tea catechins transiently lower plasma glucose concentrations in female db/db mice.
Dietary therapies for epilepsy.
Iron regulates glucose homeostasis in liver and muscle via AMP-activated protein kinase in mice.
Association between three genetic variants of the Perilipin Gene (PLIN) and glucose metabolism: results from a replication study among Chinese adults and a meta-analysis.
Association of adiponectin with dietary factors and cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.
DNA replication stress-induced loss of reproductive capacity in S. cerevisiae and its inhibition by caloric restriction.
Carbohydrate nutrition and development of adiposity during adolescence.
Lack of invariant natural killer T cells affects lipid metabolism in adipose tissue of diet-induced obese mice.
Network medicine and high throughput screening.
Intestinal transport of deoxynivalenol across porcine small intestines.
Effects of a low-carbohydrate diet on weight loss and cardiometabolic profile in Chinese women: a randomised controlled feeding trial.
Finger millet (Ragi, Eleusine coracana L.): a review of its nutritional properties, processing, and plausible health benefits.
Supplementation of dietary vitamins, protein and probiotics on semen traits and immunohistochemical study of pituitary hormones in zinc-induced molted broiler breeders.
Self-monitoring among non-insulin treated patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: Patients' behavioural responses to readings and associations with glycaemic control.
Effect of metformin on the urinary metabolites of diet-induced-obese mice studied by ultra performance liquid chromatography coupled to time-of-flight mass spectrometry (UPLC-TOF/MS).
The effects of aldosterone on diet-induced fatty liver formation in male C57BL/6 mice: comparison of adrenalectomy and mineralocorticoid receptor blocker.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ in capillary endothelia promotes fatty acid uptake by heart during long-term fasting.
In vitro evaluation of the effect of a high plant protein diet and nucleotide supplementation on intestinal integrity in meagre (Argyrosomus regius).
Effects of dietary selenium and vitamin E on immune response and biological blood parameters of broilers reared under thermoneutral or heat stress conditions.
Large intestinal fermentation capacity of fattening pigs on organic farms as measured in vitro using contrasting substrates.
Overexpression of neuropeptide Y in the dorsomedial hypothalamus causes hyperphagia and obesity in rats.
Prevalence of glucose abnormalities and diagnostic value of fasting glucose and fasting insulin in urban Hispanics.
Role of T regulatory lymphocytes in the pathogenesis of high-fructose diet-induced metabolic syndrome.
[Carbohydrate metabolism disorders among obese children and adolescents. Diabetes mellitus type 2].
Effects of a 12-week lifestyle intervention on health outcome and serum adipokines in middle-aged Korean men with borderline high blood pressure.
High rates of fructose malabsorption are associated with reduced liver fat in obese African Americans.
[Optimization of animal model for investigation of pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes].
Dietary patterns as predictors of prostate cancer in Jamaican men.
Dietary recommendations during and after cancer treatment: consistently inconsistent?
C-reactive protein/oxidised low-density lipoprotein/β2-glycoprotein I complex promotes atherosclerosis in diabetic BALB/c mice via p38mitogen-activated protein kinase signal pathway.
Does monosodium glutamate interact with macronutrient composition to influence subsequent appetite?
High-fat diet-induced hyperinsulinemia and tissue-specific insulin resistance in Cry-deficient mice.
Toll-like receptor 2 mediates high-fat diet-induced impairment of vasodilator actions of insulin.
Dietary fat intake, body composition and blood lipids of university men and women.
Optimal macronutrient content of the diet for adolescents with prediabetes; RESIST a randomised control trial.
Curcumin as a potent and selective inhibitor of 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase 1: improving lipid profiles in high-fat-diet-treated rats.
Prospective study of changes in sugar-sweetened beverage consumption and the incidence of the metabolic syndrome and its components: the SUN cohort.
Glycaemic index, carbohydrate substitution for fat and risk of CHD in men.
Beneficial effects of the RESMENA dietary pattern on oxidative stress in patients suffering from metabolic syndrome with hyperglycemia are associated to dietary TAC and fruit consumption.
Influence of dietary macronutrients on induction of hepatic drug metabolizing enzymes by Coleus forskohlii extract in mice.
Macrophage migration inhibitory factor inhibition is deleterious for high-fat diet-induced cardiac dysfunction.
Rice protein ameliorates the progression of diabetic nephropathy in Goto-Kakizaki rats with high-sucrose feeding.
Mitofusin-2 ameliorates high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance in liver of rats.
Effect of diets differing in glycemic index and glycemic load on cardiovascular risk factors: review of randomized controlled-feeding trials.
Westernization of dietary patterns among young Japanese and Polish females -- a comparison study.
Th17 cells and IL-17 are involved in the disruption of vulnerable plaques triggered by short-term combination stimulation in apolipoprotein E-knockout mice.
A profile of carbohydrate metabolites in the fasting northern elephant seal.
Cardiac function and lipid distribution in rats fed a high-fat diet: in vivo magnetic resonance imaging and spectroscopy.
Different types of dietary advice for women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Effects of sitagliptin on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in diet-induced obese rats.
Small high-density lipoprotein (HDL) subclasses are increased with decreased activity of HDL-associated phospholipase A₂ in subjects with prediabetes.
Efficacy and safety of Elaeis guineensis and Ficus deltoidea leaf extracts in adults with pre-diabetes.
The effect of starch-, fiber-, or sugar-based supplements on nitrogen utilization in grazing dairy cows.
Leucine-rich glioma inactivated 3 associates negatively with adiponectin.
Myeloid cell-specific serine palmitoyltransferase subunit 2 haploinsufficiency reduces murine atherosclerosis.
Orally efficacious novel small molecule 6-chloro-6-deoxy-1,2,3,4-tetra-O-galloyl-α-D-glucopyranose selectively and potently stimulates insulin receptor and alleviates diabetes.
Serum γ-glutamyltransferase and uric acid levels are associated with impaired fasting glucose in adults from Inner Mongolia, China.
Insulin-stimulating diets during the weaning-to-estrus interval do not improve fetal and placental development and uniformity in high-prolific multiparous sows.
Different postprandial acute response in healthy subjects to three strawberry jams varying in carbohydrate and antioxidant content: a randomized, crossover trial.
Fruit, Mediterranean-style, and high-fat and -sugar diets are associated with the risk of night sweats and hot flushes in midlife: results from a prospective cohort study.
Evaluation of the relationship between dietary factors, CagA-positive Helicobacter pylori infection, and RUNX3 promoter hypermethylation in gastric cancer tissue.
Is overweight at 12 months associated with differences in eating behaviour or dietary intake among children selected for inappropriate bottle use?
Association of ketone body levels with hyperglycemia and type 2 diabetes in 9,398 Finnish men.
Prevalence of Self-reported Cardiovascular Risk Factors among Saudi Physicians: A Comparative Study.
Nutritional intake according to injury extent in ulcerative colitis patients.
Dairy food consumption is inversely associated with the risk of the metabolic syndrome in Korean adults.
The protective effect and underlying mechanism of metformin on neointima formation in fructose-induced insulin resistant rats.
Effects of fisetin supplementation on hepatic lipogenesis and glucose metabolism in Sprague-Dawley rats fed on a high fat diet.
A maternal high-protein diet predisposes female offspring to increased fat mass in adulthood whereas a prebiotic fibre diet decreases fat mass in rats.
Renal distribution of ganglioside GM3 in rat models of types 1 and 2 diabetes.
A metabolomic analysis of two intravenous lipid emulsions in a murine model.
Effect of angiotensin II type 2 receptor-interacting protein on adipose tissue function via modulation of macrophage polarization.
Absence of diabetes and pancreatic exocrine dysfunction in a transgenic model of carboxyl-ester lipase-MODY (maturity-onset diabetes of the young).
A prescribed Chinese herbal medicine improves glucose profile and ameliorates oxidative stress in Goto-Kakisaki rats fed with high fat diet.
Altered feeding patterns in rats exposed to a palatable cafeteria diet: increased snacking and its implications for development of obesity.
A systematic literature review of diabetes self-management education features to improve diabetes education in women of Black African/Caribbean and Hispanic/Latin American ethnicity.
Effects of Lactobacillus helveticus on murine behavior are dependent on diet and genotype and correlate with alterations in the gut microbiome.
Switching to a low-fat diet attenuates the intensified doxorubicin cardiotoxicity associated with high-fat feeding.
Fasting blood glucose and long-term prognosis of non-metastatic breast cancer: a cohort study.
Decreased jaw bone density and osteoblastic insulin signaling in a model of obesity.
Melanocortin-4 receptor mutations paradoxically reduce preference for palatable foods.
Intestinal alkaline phosphatase prevents metabolic syndrome in mice.
Adolescent dietary patterns in Fiji and their relationships with standardized body mass index.
Sphingomyelin in high-density lipoproteins: structural role and biological function.
Qushi Huayu Decoction Inhibits Hepatic Lipid Accumulation by Activating AMP-Activated Protein Kinase In Vivo and In Vitro.
Dietary fat content and fiber type modulate hind gut microbial community and metabolic markers in the pig.
Effects on high cholesterol-fed to liver, retina, hippocampus, and Harderian gland in Goto-Kakizaki rat.
Gestational diabetes induces chronic hypoxia stress and excessive inflammatory response in murine placenta.
GLP-1 and peptide YY secretory response after fat load is impaired by insulin resistance, impaired fasting glucose and type 2 diabetes in morbidly obese subjects.
UP780, a chromone-enriched aloe composition improves insulin sensitivity.
Dietary adequacy and alcohol consumption of Inuvialuit women of child-bearing age in the Northwest Territories, Canada.
Curcumin attenuates diet-induced hepatic steatosis by activating AMP-activated protein kinase.
2,3,4',5-tetrahydroxystilbene-2-O-β-D-glucoside suppresses expression of adhesion molecules in aortic wall of dietary atherosclerotic rats and promonocytic U937 cells.
Dietary flavonol epicatechin prevents the onset of type 1 diabetes in nonobese diabetic mice.
Fucoidan prevents high-fat diet-induced obesity in animals by suppression of fat accumulation.
A randomized, placebo-controlled, crossover study of an herbal preparation containing Vernonia cinerea in the treatment of type 2 diabetes.
Psychological, lifestyle and social predictors of hepatitis C treatment response: a systematic review.
Chemical profile, energy values, and protein molecular structure characteristics of biofuel/bio-oil co-products (carinata meal) in comparison with canola meal.
The fractalkine/CX3CR1 system regulates β cell function and insulin secretion.
Monitoring plaque inflammation in atherosclerotic rabbits with an iron oxide (P904) and (18)F-FDG using a combined PET/MR scanner.
Calorie anticipation alters food intake after low-caloric not high-caloric preloads.
Adenoviral gene transfer of PLD1-D4 enhances insulin sensitivity in mice by disrupting phospholipase D1 interaction with PED/PEA-15.
Palmitate diet-induced loss of cardiac caveolin-3: a novel mechanism for lipid-induced contractile dysfunction.
Fructus Xanthii attenuates hepatic steatosis in rats fed on high-fat diet.
Enhanced carbohydrate craving in patients with poorly controlled Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Long-term effects of low-fat diets either low or high in protein on cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Screening for impaired fasting glucose and diabetes using available health plan data.
[Gestational diabetes: diagnosis, short and long term management].
Association between dietary antioxidant quality score (DAQs) and bone mineral density in Spanish women.
[Profile of parenteral nutrition prescription in very low birth weight infants: period 2006 to 2010].
The role of endothelial insulin signaling in the regulation of glucose metabolism.
Cardioprotective modulation of cardiac adiponectin and adiponectin receptors by omega-3 in the high-fat fed rats.
Breakfast high in whey protein or carbohydrates improves coping with workload in healthy subjects.
Hypolipidemic activity of the chitooligosaccharides from Clanis bilineata (Lepidoptera), an edible insect.
Dietary supplementation with Agaricus blazei murill extract prevents diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance in rats.
Normal vs. high-protein weight loss diets in men: effects on body composition and indices of metabolic syndrome.
Independent and combined effects of eating rate and energy density on energy intake, appetite, and gut hormones.
Longitudinal associations between BMI, waist circumference, and cardiometabolic risk in US youth: monitoring implications.
The association between acanthosis nigricans and dysglycemia in an ethnically diverse group of eighth grade students.
Mondo/ChREBP-Mlx-regulated transcriptional network is essential for dietary sugar tolerance in Drosophila.
Bioluminescence imaging of β cells and intrahepatic insulin gene activity under normal and pathological conditions.
Effects of different proportion of carbohydrate in breakfast on postprandial glucose excursion in normal glucose tolerance and impaired glucose regulation subjects.
High sodium intake is associated with increased glucocorticoid production, insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome.
NOD2 promotes renal injury by exacerbating inflammation and podocyte insulin resistance in diabetic nephropathy.
Adverse metabolic effects of dietary fructose: results from the recent epidemiological, clinical, and mechanistic studies.
Bardoxolone methyl analogs RTA 405 and dh404 are well tolerated and exhibit efficacy in rodent models of Type 2 diabetes and obesity.
Targeted deletion of growth hormone (GH) receptor in macrophage reveals novel osteopontin-mediated effects of GH on glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity in diet-induced obesity.
Higher protein diets consumed ad libitum improve cardiovascular risk markers in children of overweight parents from eight European countries.
Physicochemical properties and antioxidant activities of acidic polysaccharides from wampee seeds.
Smoking behavior among US adults with diabetes or impaired fasting glucose.
Greater impairment of postprandial triacylglycerol than glucose response in metabolic syndrome subjects with fasting hyperglycaemia.
Western diet induces dysbiosis with increased E coli in CEABAC10 mice, alters host barrier function favouring AIEC colonisation.
Non-invasive panel tests for gastrointestinal motility monitoring within the MARS-500 Project.
Hypokalemic periodic paralysis as first sign of thyrotoxicosis.
Antihyperlipidaemic and antioxidant effect of the total flavonoids in Selaginella tamariscina (Beauv.) Spring in diabetic mice.
Chemical constituents from Solidago canadensis with hypolipidemic effects in HFD-fed hamsters.
Nutrients and bioactive compounds of Thai indigenous fruits.
[Effects of beta glucan in highland barley on blood glucose and serum lipid in high fat-induced C57 mouse].
Role of G308 promoter variant of tumor necrosis factor alpha gene on weight loss and metabolic parameters after a high monounsaturated versus a high polyunsaturated fat hypocaloric diets.
Effects of a high-fat, high-cholesterol diet on brain lipid profiles in apolipoprotein E ε3 and ε4 knock-in mice.
Higher glycemic load diet is associated with poorer nutrient intake in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
High-fat, low-carbohydrate diet alters myocardial oxidative stress and impairs recovery of cardiac function after ischemia and reperfusion in obese rats.
Taraxacum official (dandelion) leaf extract alleviates high-fat diet-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver.
Secular changes in U.S. Prediabetes prevalence defined by hemoglobin A1c and fasting plasma glucose: National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys, 1999-2010.
Human metabolism and elimination of the anthocyanin, cyanidin-3-glucoside: a (13)C-tracer study.
A low-carbohydrate/high-fat diet reduces blood pressure in spontaneously hypertensive rats without deleterious changes in insulin resistance.
Wheat bread biofortification with rootlets, a malting by-product.
Inulin-type fructans with different degrees of polymerization improve lipid metabolism but not glucose metabolism in rats fed a high-fat diet under energy restriction.
Beneficial effects of Allium sativum L. stem extract on lipid metabolism and antioxidant status in obese mice fed a high-fat diet.
Ficus carica leaf extract modulates the lipid profile of rats fed with a high-fat diet through an increase of HDL-C.
dMyc expression in the fat body affects DILP2 release and increases the expression of the fat desaturase Desat1 resulting in organismal growth.
Priming the cow for lactation by rapeseed supplementation in the dry period.
Systemic metabolic abnormalities in adult-onset acid maltase deficiency: beyond muscle glycogen accumulation.
Momordica charantia ameliorates insulin resistance and dyslipidemia with altered hepatic glucose production and fatty acid synthesis and AMPK phosphorylation in high-fat-fed mice.
Maternal macronutrient intake during pregnancy and 5 years postpartum and associations with child weight status aged five.
[High-fat diets in diabetes].
Meal skipping linked to increased visceral adipose tissue and triglycerides in overweight minority youth.
Novel role for thioredoxin reductase-2 in mitochondrial redox adaptations to obesogenic diet and exercise in heart and skeletal muscle.
Omega 3 fatty acids promote macrophage reverse cholesterol transport in hamster fed high fat diet.
Determination of phthalate diesters in foods.
Colitis-accelerated colorectal cancer and metabolic dysregulation in a mouse model.
High-fat diet changes the temporal profile of GLP-1 receptor-mediated hypophagia in rats.
Prevalence of cardiovascular disease and risk factors in the Chinese population with impaired glucose regulation: the 2007-2008 China national diabetes and metabolic disorders study.
Dietary quality among Tehranian adults in relation to lipid profile: findings from the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study.
First trimester maternal lipid levels and serum markers of small- and large-for-gestational age infants.
Dietary fatty acids and lipoprotein metabolism: new insights and updates.
Recent advances in dietary proteins and lipid metabolism.
Correlation analysis between gene expression profile of high-fat emulsion-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver and liver regeneration in rat.
Green tea extract with polyethylene glycol-3350 reduces body weight and improves glucose tolerance in db/db and high-fat diet mice.
Dietary and lifestyle factors and risk of non-hodgkin's lymphoma in Oman.
Behavior and weight correlates of weight-control efforts in Australian women living in disadvantage: The READI study.
Glucide metabolism disorders (excluding glycogen myopathies).
Does resveratrol improve insulin signaling in chronically ischemic myocardium?
New insights into the human metabolism of the Fusarium mycotoxins deoxynivalenol and zearalenone.
12 weeks' aerobic and resistance training without dietary intervention did not influence oxidative stress but aerobic training decreased atherogenic index in middle-aged men with impaired glucose regulation.
Antioxidant effect of nondigestible levan and its impact on cardiovascular disease and atherosclerosis.
Cellular senescence determines endothelial cell damage induced by uremia.
Nitric oxide mediates the insulin sensitizing effects of β-sitosterol in high fat diet-fed rats.
[Effect of Huangqi gegen decoction (HGD) on TGF-beta1/Smad3 pathway in diabetic cardiomyopathy rats].
Genistein sensitizes hepatic insulin signaling and modulates lipid regulatory genes through p70 ribosomal S6 kinase-1 inhibition in high-fat-high-fructose diet-fed mice.
The effects of sucrose on metabolic health: a systematic review of human intervention studies in healthy adults.
A high-fibre bean-rich diet versus a low-carbohydrate diet for obesity.
Grain-based versus alfalfa-based subacute ruminal acidosis induction experiments: Similarities and differences between changes in milk fatty acids.
Scientific evidence for traditional claim of anti-obesity activity of Tecomella undulata bark.
Shortened blood coagulation times in genetically obese rats and diet-induced obese mice.
Prolyl hydroxylase domain protein 2 plays a critical role in diet-induced obesity and glucose intolerance.
PICK1 deficiency impairs secretory vesicle biogenesis and leads to growth retardation and decreased glucose tolerance.
[Dietary therapy for obesity].
[Dietary patterns in nursery school children from an urban environment].
Assessment of exposure of Korean consumers to acesulfame K and sucralose using a stepwise approach.
Body weight status and cardiovascular risk factors in adults by frequency of candy consumption.
Supplementation by thylakoids to a high carbohydrate meal decreases feelings of hunger, elevates CCK levels and prevents postprandial hypoglycaemia in overweight women.
Significant influence of particular unsaturated fatty acids and pH on the volatile compounds in meat-like model systems.
Metabolic and hormonal consequences of two different meals after a moderate intensity exercise bout in obese prepubertal children.
Clustering of multiple lifestyle behaviours and its association to cardiovascular risk factors in children: the IDEFICS study.
The association between the incidence of urolithiasis and nutrition based on Japanese National Health and Nutrition Surveys.
Digestive recovery of sulfur-methyl-L-methionine and its bioaccessibility in Kimchi cabbages using a simulated in vitro digestion model system.
Diagnostic accuracy of HbA1c in diabetes between Eastern and Western.
Zinc absorption in Brazilian subjects fed a healthy meal.
Predictors of increased body weight and waist circumference for middle-aged adults.
[Prevalence of gestational diabetes in high-risk pregnancies: screened using an oral glucose tolerance test].
Duodenal-jejunal bypass improves glucose metabolism and adipokine expression independently of weight loss in a diabetic rat model.
Consumption of low-fat dairy foods for 6 months improves insulin resistance without adversely affecting lipids or bodyweight in healthy adults: a randomized free-living cross-over study.
Enzyme use in kibble diets formulated with wheat bran for dogs: effects on processing and digestibility.
Influence of a high-glucose diet on the sensitivity of Caenorhabditis elegans towards Escherichia coli and Staphylococcus aureus strains.
Marketing foods to children: a comparison of nutrient content between children's and non-children's products.
Involvement of autotaxin/lysophosphatidic acid signaling in obesity and impaired glucose homeostasis.
High vitamin D3 diet administered during active colitis negatively affects bone metabolism in an adoptive T cell transfer model.
Paraoxonase1 (PON1) reduces insulin resistance in mice fed a high-fat diet, and promotes GLUT4 overexpression in myocytes, via the IRS-1/Akt pathway.
Environmental toxin-linked nonalcoholic steatohepatitis and hepatic metabolic reprogramming in obese mice.
Long-term liquid nutrition intake and development of obesity: differences between young and adult rats.
Exposure to phthalic acid, phthalate diesters and phthalate monoesters from foodstuffs: UK total diet study results.
Food sources of sodium, saturated fat and added sugar in the Spanish hypertensive and diabetic population.
Effects of excess dietary iron and fat on glucose and lipid metabolism.
Vitamin C and lifespan in model organisms.
Effects of a meal rich in medium-chain saturated fat on postprandial lipemia in relatives of type 2 diabetics.
Fetuin-A levels in hyperthyroidism.
Association between the characteristics of metabolic syndrome and Alzheimer's disease.
Self-reported food-related gastrointestinal symptoms in IBS are common and associated with more severe symptoms and reduced quality of life.
Fermentation profiles of wheat dextrin, inulin and partially hydrolyzed guar gum using an in vitro digestion pretreatment and in vitro batch fermentation system model.
Hepatosteatosis and hepatic insulin resistance are blunted by argirein, an anti-inflammatory agent, through normalizing endoplasmic reticulum stress and apoptosis in diabetic liver.
Elevated fasting glucose levels within normal range are associated with an increased risk of metabolic syndrome in older women.
Effect of induced ruminal acidosis on blood variables in heifers.
Antioxidant system response is modified by dietary fat in adipose tissue of metabolic syndrome patients.
Optimizing conditions of polysaccharide extraction from Shiitake mushroom using response surface methodology and its regulating lipid metabolism.
Effect of dietary polyphenols from hop (Humulus lupulus L.) pomace on adipose tissue mass, fasting blood glucose, hemoglobin A1c, and plasma monocyte chemotactic protein-1 levels in OLETF rats.
No effects of gluten in patients with self-reported non-celiac gluten sensitivity after dietary reduction of fermentable, poorly absorbed, short-chain carbohydrates.
Inhibition by dietary D-psicose of body fat accumulation in adult rats fed a high-sucrose diet.
Evidence for transgenerational metabolic programming in Drosophila.
[Electroacupuncture intervention improved changes of skin barrier and color in type 2 diabetes rats].
Low-carbohydrate, high-protein diet score and risk of incident cancer; a prospective cohort study.
Overexpression of mitofusin 2 improves translocation of glucose transporter 4 in skeletal muscle of high‑fat diet‑fed rats through AMP‑activated protein kinase signaling.
Ghrelin function in insulin release and glucose metabolism.
Phytochemical properties and antioxidant capacities of various colored berries.
Effects of raftilose on serum biochemistry and liver morphology in rats fed with normal or high-fat diet.
Chemical composition and ruminal nutrient degradability of fresh and ensiled amaranth forage.
Glycaemic index of meals affects appetite sensation but not energy balance in active males.
Glucose-stimulated insulin secretion: Effects of high-fat diet and acute stress.
High-sugar diets, type 2 diabetes and Alzheimer's disease.
Hydrochlorothiazide and high-fat diets reduce plasma magnesium levels and increase hepatic oxidative stress in rats.
Chronic administration of iron and copper potentiates adipogenic effect of high fat diet in Wistar rats.
Activated apoptotic and anti-survival effects on rat hearts with fructose induced metabolic syndrome.
Strategies of dietary carbohydrate manipulation and their effects on performance in cycling time trials.
Adiponectin gene variant interacts with fish oil supplementation to influence serum adiponectin in older individuals.
Influence of pellet diameter and length on the quality of pellets and performance, nutrient utilisation and digestive tract development of broilers fed on wheat-based diets.
Pre-diabetes in adults 45 years and over in Ireland: the Survey of Lifestyle, Attitudes and Nutrition in Ireland 2007.
Maternal metformin treatment decreases fetal inflammation in a rat model of obesity and metabolic syndrome.
Short communication: insulin responsiveness is affected by the level of milk replacer offered to young calves.
Year 7 dietary intake: a comparison of two schools with middle-high socio-economic status.
Sex-specific effects of isolation stress and consumption of palatable diet during the prepubertal period on metabolic parameters.
Male hypogonadism induced by high fat diet and low dose streptozotocin is mediated by activated endoplasmic reticulum stress and IκBβ and attenuated by argirein and valsartan.
Hyperglycemia or high hemoglobin A1C: Which one is more associated with morbidity and mortality after coronary artery bypass graft surgery?
Involvement of cathepsins B and L in inflammation and cholesterol trafficking protein NPC2 secretion in macrophages.
High protein intake stimulates postprandial GLP1 and PYY release.
Increased acylation stimulating protein levels in young obese males is correlated with systemic markers of oxidative stress.
Enhanced peroxisomal β-oxidation is associated with prevention of obesity and glucose intolerance by fish oil-enriched diets.
Extent and determinants of thermogenic responses to 24 hours of fasting, energy balance, and five different overfeeding diets in humans.
A randomized crossover study to assess the effect of an oat-rich diet on glycaemic control, plasma lipids and postprandial glycaemia, inflammation and oxidative stress in Type 2 diabetes.
Adiponectin-induced inhibition of intrinsic and extrinsic apoptotic pathways protects pancreatic β-cells against apoptosis.
Coping with uncertainty: nutrient deficiencies motivate insect migration at a cost to immunity.
Modulatory effects of yerba maté (Ilex paraguariensis) on the PI3K-AKT signaling pathway.
Effects of diet macronutrient composition on body composition and fat distribution during weight maintenance and weight loss.
Cross-talk between Akkermansia muciniphila and intestinal epithelium controls diet-induced obesity.
Hypothalamic inflammation without astrogliosis in response to high sucrose intake is modulated by neonatal nutrition in male rats.
AMPK and insulin action--responses to ageing and high fat diet.
Enhancement of intestinal immune function in mice by β-D-glucan from aureobasidium pullulans ADK-34.
Effect of skipping breakfast on subsequent energy intake.
Adaptive β-cell proliferation increases early in high-fat feeding in mice, concurrent with metabolic changes, with induction of islet cyclin D2 expression.
Feasibility and efficacy of an isocaloric high-protein vs. standard diet on insulin requirement, body weight and metabolic parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes on insulin therapy.
Exercise prevents fructose-induced hypertriglyceridemia in healthy young subjects.
Dietary fats and health: dietary recommendations in the context of scientific evidence.
White potatoes, human health, and dietary guidance.
Effectiveness of abdominal acupuncture for patients with obesity-type polycystic ovary syndrome: a randomized controlled trial.
Effects of dietary β-(1,3)(1,6)-D-glucan supplementation on growth performance, intestinal morphology and haemato-immunological profile of mirror carp (Cyprinus carpio L.).
Effects of high-density lipoprotein elevation with cholesteryl ester transfer protein inhibition on insulin secretion.
Dietary sodium intake is associated with total fluid and sugar-sweetened beverage consumption in US children and adolescents aged 2-18 y: NHANES 2005-2008.
High-molecular-weight poly-gamma-glutamate protects against hypertriglyceridemic effects of a high-fructose diet in rat.
Dietary resistant starch prevents urinary excretion of 25-hydroxycholecalciferol and vitamin D-binding protein in type 1 diabetic rats.
Low phosphorus status might contribute to the onset of obesity.
Nutritional contribution of street foods to the diet of people in developing countries: a systematic review.
Treatment of diabetes and diabetic complications with a ketogenic diet.
Dill seed extract improves abnormalities in lipid metabolism through peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-α (PPAR-α) activation in diabetic obese mice.
Prevalence and risk factors of elevated blood pressure, overweight, and dyslipidemia in adolescent and young adults in rural Nepal.
Effect of lifestyle modification on serum chemerin concentration and its association with insulin sensitivity in overweight and obese adults with type 2 diabetes.
Effects of pomegranate seed oil on glucose and lipid metabolism-related organs in rats fed an obesogenic diet.
Effect of early exposure to different feed presentations on feed sorting of dairy calves.
Vitamin D status and resistance exercise training independently affect glucose tolerance in older adults.
Daily flaxseed consumption improves glycemic control in obese men and women with pre-diabetes: a randomized study.
Parental food involvement predicts parent and child intakes of fruits and vegetables.
Hypothalamic glucagon signaling inhibits hepatic glucose production.
Influence of apple and citrus pectins, processed mango peels, a phenolic mango peel extract, and gallic Acid as potential feed supplements on in vitro total gas production and rumen methanogenesis.
Effects of caloric intake timing on insulin resistance and hyperandrogenism in lean women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Novel aspects of health promoting compounds in meat.
Chronic carbon monoxide treatment attenuates development of obesity and remodels adipocytes in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Impact of peripheral ketolytic deficiency on hepatic ketogenesis and gluconeogenesis during the transition to birth.
Dietary macronutrients modulate the fatty acyl composition of rat liver mitochondrial cardiolipins.
Renal function following three distinct weight loss dietary strategies during 2 years of a randomized controlled trial.
Shared effects of genetic and intrauterine and perinatal environment on the development of metabolic syndrome.
Dietary restriction depends on nutrient composition to extend chronological lifespan in budding yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Increased skeletal muscle mitochondrial efficiency in rats with fructose-induced alteration in glucose tolerance.
Tribbles 3 mediates endoplasmic reticulum stress-induced insulin resistance in skeletal muscle.
Acute and sustained inflammation and metabolic dysfunction induced by high refined carbohydrate-containing diet in mice.
Cardiac-specific overexpression of CYP2J2 attenuates diabetic cardiomyopathy in male streptozotocin-induced diabetic mice.
A novel antihypoglycemic role of inducible nitric oxide synthase in liver inflammatory response induced by dietary cholesterol and endotoxemia.
A complete diet-based algorithm for predicting nonheme iron absorption in adults.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors-alpha and gamma are targets to treat offspring from maternal diet-induced obesity in mice.
Of mice and men: Factors abrogating the antiobesity effect of omega-3 fatty acids.
Multiple univariate data analysis reveals the inulin effects on the high-fat-diet induced metabolic alterations in rat myocardium and testicles in the preobesity state.
A randomized, double-blind, crossover, placebo-controlled trial of 6 weeks benfotiamine treatment on postprandial vascular function and variables of autonomic nerve function in Type 2 diabetes.
Lactose malabsorption diagnosed by 50-g dose is inferior to assess clinical intolerance and to predict response to milk withdrawal than 25-g dose in an endemic area.
The beneficial effects of early short-term exercise in the offspring of obese mothers are accompanied by alterations in the hypothalamic gene expression of appetite regulators and FTO (fat mass and obesity associated) gene.
Lesser time of preoperative fasting and early postoperative feeding are safe?
Amelioration in hepatic insulin sensitivity by reduced hepatic lipid accumulation at short-term after Roux-en-Y gastric bypass surgery in type 2 diabetic rats.
Inadequate nutrient intake in Brazilian adolescents.
Increased protein intake and meal frequency reduces abdominal fat during energy balance and energy deficit.
Treatment of hyaluronan accumulation ameliorates high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance in mice.
Nutritional update for physicians: plant-based diets.
Low glycaemic index diets improve glucose tolerance and body weight in women with previous history of gestational diabetes: a six months randomized trial.
Search for atoxic cereals: a single blind, cross-over study on the safety of a single dose of Triticum monococcum, in patients with celiac disease.
Diphenyl diselenide supplementation reduces biochemical alterations associated with oxidative stress in rats fed with fructose and hydrochlorothiazide.
Effects of SGLT2 selective inhibitor ipragliflozin on hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, hepatic steatosis, oxidative stress, inflammation, and obesity in type 2 diabetic mice.
Brown adipose tissue thermogenesis: β3-adrenoreceptors as a potential target for the treatment of obesity in humans.
Increased adiposity and insulin correlates with the progressive suppression of pulsatile GH secretion during weight gain.
High-fat feeding-induced hyperinsulinemia increases cardiac glucose uptake and mitochondrial function despite peripheral insulin resistance.
Iron status and dietary iron intake of vegetarian children from Poland.
Short-term and long-term effects of excessive consumption of saturated fats and/or sucrose on metabolic variables in Sprague Dawley rats: a pilot study.
¹H and ¹³C NMR-based sugar profiling with chemometric analysis and antioxidant activity of herbhoneys and honeys.
Exercise-induced changes of MCT1 in cardiac and skeletal muscles of diabetic rats induced by high-fat diet and STZ.
Effect of dietary composition of weight loss diets on high-sensitivity c-reactive protein: the Randomized POUNDS LOST trial.
Arterial stiffness, lifestyle intervention and a low-calorie diet in morbidly obese patients-a nonrandomized clinical trial.
Body adiposity index and other indexes of body composition in the SAPHIR study: association with cardiovascular risk factors.
[Effects of shenqi compound on the mRNA expression of AT1R in the aorta of GK rats].
[Effects of linggui zhugan decoction combined calorie restriction on the insulin resistance of model rats and mechanisms research].
Digestion kinetics of potato protein isolates in vitro and in vivo.
Oral Angiotensin-(1-7) prevented obesity and hepatic inflammation by inhibition of resistin/TLR4/MAPK/NF-κB in rats fed with high-fat diet.
Genetic ablation of myelin protein zero-like 3 in mice increases energy expenditure, improves glycemic control, and reduces hepatic lipid synthesis.
Ezetimibe prevents hepatic steatosis induced by a high-fat but not a high-fructose diet.
Diet and cataract: a case-control study.
Preweaning growth hormone treatment ameliorates adipose tissue insulin resistance and inflammation in adult male offspring following maternal undernutrition.
High-dose thiamine supplementation improves glucose tolerance in hyperglycemic individuals: a randomized, double-blind cross-over trial.
β-Mannanase production by Aspergillus niger BCC4525 and its efficacy on broiler performance.
The Keap1-Nrf2 system prevents onset of diabetes mellitus.
Sulfatides are required for renal adaptation to chronic metabolic acidosis.
A silybin-phospholipids complex counteracts rat fatty liver degeneration and mitochondrial oxidative changes.
Dietary glycemic load and glycemic index and risk of cerebrovascular disease in the EPICOR cohort.
Sugar addiction: pushing the drug-sugar analogy to the limit.
Yuzu extract prevents cognitive decline and impaired glucose homeostasis in β-amyloid-infused rats.
Gut metagenome in European women with normal, impaired and diabetic glucose control.
Short-term, high-fat diet increases the expression of key intestinal genes involved in lipoprotein metabolism in healthy men.
Prospective associations between sugar-sweetened beverage intakes and cardiometabolic risk factors in adolescents.
Brown adipose tissue activity after a high-calorie meal in humans.
Impact of food and different meal types on the pharmacokinetics of rilpivirine.
Effect of varying the concentrations of carbohydrate and milk protein in rehydration solutions ingested after exercise in the heat.
[Fish by-products oil corrects dyslipidemia, improves reverse cholesterol transport and stimulates paraoxonase-1 activity in obese rat].
Consumption of sucrose and high-fructose corn syrup does not increase liver fat or ectopic fat deposition in muscles.
High prevalence of diabetes mellitus and hospital-related hyperglycaemia in French general wards.
Retrospective lifetime dietary patterns are associated with demographic and cardiovascular health variables in an older community-dwelling Australian population.
Is plasma alpha-tocopherol associated with electronegative LDL in obese adolescents?
Long-term ingestion of monosodium L-glutamate did not induce obesity, dyslipidemia or insulin resistance: a two-generation study in mice.
Lactobacillus plantarum OLL2712 regulates glucose metabolism in C57BL/6 mice fed a high-fat diet.
The effect of diet-induced insulin resistance on DNA methylation of the androgen receptor promoter in the penile cavernosal smooth muscle of mice.
Lifestyle interventions for chronic gout.
Adipose tissue remodeling in rats exhibiting fructose-induced obesity.
Stress during the pre-pubertal period leads to long-term diet-dependent changes in anxiety-like behavior and in oxidative stress parameters in male adult rats.
Increased expression of STK25 leads to impaired glucose utilization and insulin sensitivity in mice challenged with a high-fat diet.
Dietary intake following experimentally restricted sleep in adolescents.
Epidemiological survey and risk factor analysis of fatty liver disease of adult residents, Beijing, China.
Metabolic syndrome profiles, obesity measures and intake of dietary fatty acids in adults: Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study.
Modulation of glucose and lipid metabolism by porcine adiponectin receptor 1-transgenic mesenchymal stromal cells in diet-induced obese mice.
Hepatic ERK activity plays a role in energy metabolism.
Ginseng panaxoside Rb1 reduces body weight in diet-induced obese mice.
Low- and high-volume of intensive endurance training significantly improves maximal oxygen uptake after 10-weeks of training in healthy men.
Orlistat improves endothelial function in obese adolescents: a randomised trial.
Linking inflammation to tumorigenesis in a mouse model of high-fat-diet-enhanced colon cancer.
Dyslipidemia and fasting glucose impairment among HIV patients three years after the first antiretroviral regimen in a Brazilian AIDS outpatient clinic.
Genetic variation in the beta 3-adrenoreceptor gene (Trp64Arg polymorphism) and its influence on anthropometric parameters and insulin resistance under a high monounsaturated versus a high polyunsaturated fat hypocaloric diet.
Blending of soluble corn fiber with pullulan, sorbitol, or fructose attenuates glycemic and insulinemic responses in the dog and affects hydrolytic digestion in vitro.
Increased fibroblast growth factor 21 expression in high-fat diet-sensitive non-human primates (Macaca mulatta).
Waist circumference to assess reversal of insulin resistance following weight reduction after bariatric surgery: cohort and cross-sectional studies.
Predictors of body composition and body energy changes in response to chronic overfeeding.
Versatile redox chemistry complicates antioxidant capacity assessment: flavonoids as milieu-dependent anti- and pro-oxidants.
Recombinant growth hormone therapy for cystic fibrosis in children and young adults.
A high-grain diet causes massive disruption of ruminal epithelial tight junctions in goats.
Fructose malabsorption syndrome.
Western lifestyle: a 'master' manipulator of the intestinal microbiota?
Plant oils were associated with low prevalence of impaired glucose metabolism in Japanese workers.
Altered hepatic gene expression profiles associated with improved fatty liver, insulin resistance, and intestinal permeability after hydroxypropyl methylcellulose (HPMC) supplementation in diet-induced obese mice.
Glycine restores glutathione and protects against oxidative stress in vascular tissue from sucrose-fed rats.
Molecular weight of barley β-glucan influences energy expenditure, gastric emptying and glycaemic response in human subjects.
Nutritional impacts of a fruit and vegetable subsidy programme for disadvantaged Australian Aboriginal children.
Ketogenic diets enhance oxidative stress and radio-chemo-therapy responses in lung cancer xenografts.
Antioxidant nutrients and age-related cognitive decline: a systematic review of population-based cohort studies.
Enhanced fasting glucose turnover in mice with disrupted action of TUG protein in skeletal muscle.
Postprandial adiponectin levels are associated with improvements in postprandial triglycerides after Roux-en-Y gastric bypass in type 2 diabetic patients.
High-fat diet induces dynamic metabolic alterations in multiple biological matrices of rats.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of the effect of dried purple carrot on body mass, lipids, blood pressure, body composition, and inflammatory markers in overweight and obese adults: the QUENCH trial.
Late gestation over- and undernutrition predispose for visceral adiposity in response to a post-natal obesogenic diet, but with differential impacts on glucose-insulin adaptations during fasting in lambs.
The effect of 25-hydroxyvitamin D on insulin sensitivity in obesity: is it mediated via adiponectin?
Change in postprandial substrate oxidation after a high-fructose meal is related to body mass index in healthy men.
High proportion of 6 to 18-year-old children and adolescents in the United Arab Emirates are not meeting dietary recommendations.
A low-protein, high-carbohydrate diet increases de novo fatty acid synthesis from glycerol and glycerokinase content in the liver of growing rats.
Citrus aurantium and Rhodiola rosea in combination reduce visceral white adipose tissue and increase hypothalamic norepinephrine in a rat model of diet-induced obesity.
Short communication: Supplementing lysine and methionine in a lactation diet containing a high concentration of wet corn gluten feed did not alter milk protein yield.
Effect of catalpol on diabetic nephropathy in rats.
Effect of sleeve gastrectomy on body weight, food intake, glucose tolerance, and metabolic hormone level in two different rat models: Goto-Kakizaki and diet-induced obese rat.
Screening of Lactobacillus strains for their ability to bind benzo(a)pyrene and the mechanism of the process.
Effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation on serum fetuin-A levels in type 2 diabetic patients.
Physiologic and weight-focused treatment strategies for managing type 2 diabetes mellitus: the metformin, glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist, and insulin (MGI) approach.
Low and medium but not high doses of green tea polyphenols ameliorated dextran sodium sulfate-induced hepatotoxicity and nephrotoxicity.
Peanut-skin polyphenols, procyanidin A1 and epicatechin-(4 β → 6)-epicatechin-(2 β → O → 7, 4 β → 8)-catechin, exert cholesterol micelle-degrading activity in vitro.
In utero and lactational exposure to 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin modulates dysregulation of the lipid metabolism in mouse offspring fed a high-calorie diet.
Global loss of bmal1 expression alters adipose tissue hormones, gene expression and glucose metabolism.
Influence of malting conditions on sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) as a raw material for fermented beverages.
Impact of short term consumption of diets high in either non-starch polysaccharides or resistant starch in comparison with moderate weight loss on indices of insulin sensitivity in subjects with metabolic syndrome.
Oral formulation of angiotensin-(1-7) improves lipid metabolism and prevents high-fat diet-induced hepatic steatosis and inflammation in mice.
Ketogenic diet improves core symptoms of autism in BTBR mice.
Pre- and early-postnatal nutrition modify gene and protein expressions of muscle energy metabolism markers and phospholipid Fatty Acid composition in a muscle type specific manner in sheep.
The ketogenic diet and hyperbaric oxygen therapy prolong survival in mice with systemic metastatic cancer.
Modulation of metabolic and cardiac dysfunctions by swimming in overweight rats on a high cholesterol and fructose diet: possible role of adiponectin.
Thrombospondin-1 regulates adiposity and metabolic dysfunction in diet-induced obesity enhancing adipose inflammation and stimulating adipocyte proliferation.
Alteration of the intestinal barrier and GLP2 secretion in Berberine-treated type 2 diabetic rats.
[Low-fat, high-fat or a fat?].
The relationship between selenoprotein P and glucose metabolism in experimental studies.
Prevalence of and risk factors for asymptomatic rotator cuff tears in postmenopausal women.
Beneficial effect of tagatose consumption on postprandial hyperglycemia in Koreans: a double-blind crossover designed study.
Potential of cultivar and crop management to affect phytochemical content in winter-grown sprouting broccoli (Brassica oleracea L. var. italica).
n3 PUFAs do not affect adipose tissue inflammation in overweight to moderately obese men and women.
Dietary protein excess during neonatal life alters colonic microbiota and mucosal response to inflammatory mediators later in life in female pigs.
Concurrent activation of liver X receptor and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha exacerbates hepatic steatosis in high fat diet-induced obese mice.
Targeting the microbiota to address diet-induced obesity: a time dependent challenge.
The protective effect of fasudil on the structure and function of cardiac mitochondria from rats with type 2 diabetes induced by streptozotocin with a high-fat diet is mediated by the attenuation of oxidative stress.
Hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic potential of a high fiber diet in healthy versus diabetic rabbits.
Resolved: there is sufficient scientific evidence that decreasing sugar-sweetened beverage consumption will reduce the prevalence of obesity and obesity-related diseases.
Does the number of cycles of cisplatin based chemotherapy have any effect on renal function in patients with testicular germ cell tumor?
Dietary melatonin supplementation alters uteroplacental amino acid flux during intrauterine growth restriction in ewes.
Potential role and therapeutic interests of myo-inositol in metabolic diseases.
Effects of a single bout of aerobic exercise on short-term low-carbohydrate/high-fat intake-induced postprandial glucose metabolism during an oral glucose tolerance test.
Nutritional support to maintain proper immune status during intense training.
Evaluation of the microbial community, acidity and proximate composition of akamu, a fermented maize food.
Serum levels of fetuin A and 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine in morbidly obese subjects.
Results of Fortification Rapid Assessment Tool (FRAT) surveys in sub-Saharan Africa and suggestions for future modifications of the survey instrument.
Association of high carbohydrate versus high fat diet with glycated hemoglobin in high calorie consuming type 2 diabetics.
Preventive care in general practice among healthy older New South Wales residents.
Potential of Bambara groundnut (Vigna subterranea (L.) Verdc) milk as a probiotic beverage-a review.
Dietary supplementation with purified mulberry (Morus australis Poir) anthocyanins suppresses body weight gain in high-fat diet fed C57BL/6 mice.
Vitamin E prevents high-fat high-carbohydrates diet-induced memory impairment: the role of oxidative stress.
The C57BL/6J Niemann-Pick C1 mouse model with decreased gene dosage has impaired glucose tolerance independent of body weight.
The effect of learning climate on snack consumption and ego depletion among undergraduate students.
Multiple intravenous infusions of bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells reverse hyperglycemia in experimental type 2 diabetes rats.
Effects of feeding dry glycerol to primiparous Holstein dairy cows on follicular development, reproductive performance and metabolic parameters related to fertility during the early post-partum period.
Effects of recommendations to follow the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet v. usual dietary advice on childhood metabolic syndrome: a randomised cross-over clinical trial.
Enhanced prereceptor glucocorticoid metabolism and lipogenesis impair insulin signaling in the liver of fructose-fed rats.
Analysis of sterol-regulatory element-binding protein 1c target genes in mouse liver during aging and high-fat diet.
The effects of dipeptidyl-peptidase-IV inhibitor, vildagliptin, on the exocrine pancreas in spontaneously diabetic Goto-Kakizaki rats.
Influence of elicitation with H₂O₂ on phenolics content, antioxidant potential and nutritional quality of Lens culinaris sprouts.
Duplicated CCAAT/enhancer-binding protein β (C/EBPβ) gene: transcription and methylation changes in response to dietary betaine in Landes goose liver.
Experience and acceptability of diets of varying protein content and glycemic index in an obese cohort: results from the Diogenes trial.
Effect of apolipoprotein E genotype and diet on apolipoprotein E lipidation and amyloid peptides: randomized clinical trial.
Relative validity and reproducibility of a quantitative FFQ for assessing nutrient intakes of vegetarians in Taiwan.
Effects of alternate-day fasting on high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance in rat skeletal muscle.
Dietary fructose induces endotoxemia and hepatic injury in calorically controlled primates.
Resistant starch from high amylose maize (HAM-RS2) reduces body fat and increases gut bacteria in ovariectomized (OVX) rats.
Serum uric acid is more strongly associated with impaired fasting glucose in women than in men from a community-dwelling population.
Plasma NOV/CCN3 levels are closely associated with obesity in patients with metabolic disorders.
Long-term effects of low glycemic index/load vs. high glycemic index/load diets on parameters of obesity and obesity-associated risks: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Low-carbohydrate, high-protein diets for management of type 2 diabetes.
Mice lacking C1q are protected from high fat diet-induced hepatic insulin resistance and impaired glucose homeostasis.
Effect of resistant starch RS4 added to the high-fat diets on selected biochemical parameters in Wistar rats.
A Mediterranean diet improves HbA1c but not fasting blood glucose compared to alternative dietary strategies: a network meta-analysis.
Differential central pathology and cognitive impairment in pre-diabetic and diabetic mice.
Oxymatrine attenuates hepatic steatosis in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease rats fed with high fructose diet through inhibition of sterol regulatory element binding transcription factor 1 (Srebf1) and activation of peroxisome proliferator activated receptor alpha (Pparα).
Day 1 post-operative fasting hyperglycemia may affect graft survival in kidney transplantation.
Redox regulation of insulin sensitivity due to enhanced fatty acid utilization in the mitochondria.
Dual effects of resveratrol on arterial damage induced by insulin resistance in aged mice.
Oral salmon calcitonin protects against impaired fasting glycemia, glucose intolerance, and obesity induced by high-fat diet and ovariectomy in rats.
Deficiency of APPL1 in mice impairs glucose-stimulated insulin secretion through inhibition of pancreatic beta cell mitochondrial function.
Negative emotions and risk for type 2 diabetes among Korean immigrants.
In vitro TNF-α- and noradrenaline-stimulated lipolysis is impaired in adipocytes from growing rats fed a low-protein, high-carbohydrate diet.
Characteristics of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in two rural, medically underserved communities.
Effect of complementary feeding with lipid-based nutrient supplements and corn-soy blend on the incidence of stunting and linear growth among 6- to 18-month-old infants and children in rural Malawi.
Differential iron-bioavailability with relation to nutrient compositions in polished rice among selected Chinese genotypes using Caco-2 cell culture model.
Apilarnil reduces fear and advances sexual development in male broilers but has no effect on growth.
Effects of phytate on thyroid gland of rats intoxicated with cadmium.
Predictive markers of response to isotretinoin in female acne.
Cold-induced activity of brown adipose tissue in young lean men of South-Asian and European origin.
Probiotic Lactobacillus casei Zhang ameliorates high-fructose-induced impaired glucose tolerance in hyperinsulinemia rats.
Effect of low calorie diet with rice bran oil on cardiovascular risk factors in hyperlipidemic patients.
Archaea and fungi of the human gut microbiome: correlations with diet and bacterial residents.
Diarrhea in enterally fed patients: blame the diet?
Predictors of success of a lifestyle intervention in relation to weight loss and improvement in glucose tolerance among individuals at high risk for type 2 diabetes: the FIN-D2D project.
Validation of an FFQ to assess antioxidant intake in overweight postmenopausal women.
Relaxin treatment reverses insulin resistance in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Dietary α-linolenic acid increases the platelet count in ApoE-/- mice by reducing clearance.
Suppression of β-catenin and cyclooxygenase-2 expression and cell proliferation in azoxymethane-induced colonic cancer in rats by rice bran phytic acid (PA).
Efficacy and safety of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors and metformin as initial combination therapy and as monotherapy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.
High folate gestational and post-weaning diets alter hypothalamic feeding pathways by DNA methylation in Wistar rat offspring.
Effect of green tea on glucose control and insulin sensitivity: a meta-analysis of 17 randomized controlled trials.
Effects of dietary glycemic index on brain regions related to reward and craving in men.
Disadvantageous shift in energy balance is primarily expressed in high-quality sleepers after a decline in quality sleep because of disturbance.
Diet-dependent alterations of hepatic Scd1 expression are accompanied by differences in promoter methylation.
Low-glycaemic index diets in the management of blood lipids: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
An increase in the Akkermansia spp. population induced by metformin treatment improves glucose homeostasis in diet-induced obese mice.
[Roles of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase in obesity induced by high fat diet].
Adipose-derived stem cells combined with inorganic bovine bone in calvarial bone healing in rats with type 2 diabetes.
Growth of xenotransplanted leukemia cells is influenced by diet nutrients and is attenuated with 2-deoxyglucose.
A hospital-based cross-sectional study to develop an estimation formula for 2-h post-challenge plasma glucose for screening impaired glucose tolerance.
The effect of α-cyclodextrin on postprandial lipid and glycemic responses to a fat-containing meal.
Three dissimilar high fat diets differentially regulate lipid and glucose metabolism in obesity-resistant Slc:Wistar/ST rats.
[Content of mineral elements in the diet of students of physical education faculty].
Relationship between childhood obesity cut-offs and metabolic and vascular comorbidities: comparative analysis of three growth standards.
Influence of the Mediterranean diet on carotid intima-media thickness in hypercholesterolaemic children: a 12-month intervention study.
C-Glucosides with heteroaryl thiophene as novel sodium-dependent glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors.
Beyond fasting plasma glucose: the association between coronary heart disease risk and postprandial glucose, postprandial insulin and insulin resistance in healthy, nondiabetic adults.
Significant suppression of myocardial (18)F-fluorodeoxyglucose uptake using 24-h carbohydrate restriction and a low-carbohydrate, high-fat diet.
Weight management for individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities: rationale and design for an 18 month randomized trial.
Changes in sensory properties and consumer acceptance of reduced fat pork Lyon-style and liver sausages containing inulin and citrus fiber as fat replacers.
High-fat and high-sucrose (western) diet induces steatohepatitis that is dependent on fructokinase.
Pleiotropic effects of rosuvastatin on the glucose metabolism and the subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissue behavior in C57Bl/6 mice.
Hepatic glycogen cycling contributes to glucose lowering effects of the glucokinase activator LCZ960.
Fatty acid-binding protein 2 Ala54Thr genotype is associated with insulin resistance and leptin levels changes after a high monounsaturated fat diet in obese non-diabetic patients.
Tumor-derived lactate modifies antitumor immune response: effect on myeloid-derived suppressor cells and NK cells.
In vitro and in vivo protective effects of three mycotoxin adsorbents against ochratoxin A in broiler chickens.
Supplementation of the maternal diet during pregnancy with chocolate and fructose interacts with the high-fat diet of the young to facilitate the onset of metabolic disorders in rat offspring.
Spatial memory impairment and changes in hippocampal morphology are triggered by high-fat diets in adolescent mice. Is there a role of leptin?
Minireview: Novel aspects of M3 muscarinic receptor signaling in pancreatic β-cells.
Antidiabetic activity of heart wood of Pterocarpus marsupium Roxb. and analysis of phytoconstituents.
[Insulin receptor expression in subcellular fractions of muscular and adipose tissue as the factor of the tissue insulin resistance development in rats under conditions of the high-energy diet].
The effect of oilseed consumption on appetite and on the risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Design and methods of the GLYNDIET study; assessing the role of glycemic index on weight loss and metabolic risk markers.
[Food habits and nutritional assessment in a university population].
Dietary glycotoxins affect scavenger receptor expression and the hormonal profile of female rats.
Regular consumption of a cocoa product improves the cardiometabolic profile in healthy and moderately hypercholesterolaemic adults.
Acute effects of high-protein versus normal-protein isocaloric meals on satiety and ghrelin.
Differential regulation of AMPK activation in leptin- and creatine-deficient mice.
Exchange protein activated by cAMP 1 (Epac1)-deficient mice develop β-cell dysfunction and metabolic syndrome.
Decreased long-chain fatty acid oxidation impairs postischemic recovery of the insulin-resistant rat heart.
Epithelial response to high-grain diets involves alteration in nutrient transporters and Na+/K+-ATPase mRNA expression in rumen and colon of goats.
Effects of tempol on endothelial and vascular dysfunctions and insulin resistance induced by a high-fat high-sucrose diet in the rat.
Low-fat diet with omega-3 fatty acids increases plasma insulin-like growth factor concentration in healthy postmenopausal women.
Cooked rice prevents hyperlipidemia in hamsters fed a high-fat/cholesterol diet by the regulation of the expression of hepatic genes involved in lipid metabolism.
Fat mass, and not diet, has a large effect on postprandial leptin but not on adiponectin concentrations in cats.
Joint associations of poor diet quality and prolonged television viewing time with abnormal glucose metabolism in Australian men and women.
Total bilirubin in young men and women: association with risk markers for cardiovascular diseases.
Antioxidant and antihypertensive activity of extract from Thymus serpyllum L. in experimental hypertension.
Anthocyanins attenuate body weight gain via modulating neuropeptide Y and GABAB1 receptor in rats hypothalamus.
Pegylated Fgf21 rapidly normalizes insulin-stimulated glucose utilization in diet-induced insulin resistant mice.
The effect of sugar solution type, sugar concentration and viscosity on the imbibition and energy intake rate of bumblebees.
Preventive effects of polysaccharides from Liriope spicata var. prolifera on diabetic nephropathy in rats.
Inducible liver-specific knockdown of protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B improves glucose and lipid homeostasis in adult mice.
Hypolipidemic effects of starch and γ-oryzanol from wx/ae double-mutant rice on BALB/c.KOR-Apoe(shl) mice.
Hepatic cannabinoid-1 receptors mediate diet-induced insulin resistance by increasing de novo synthesis of long-chain ceramides.
Long-term changes in leptin, chemerin and ghrelin levels following different bariatric surgery procedures: Roux-en-Y gastric bypass and sleeve gastrectomy.
Elevated 18F-FDG levels in blood and organs after angiotensin II receptor blocker administration: experiment in mice administered telmisartan.
[Effects of sequoyitol on expression of NADPH oxidase subunits p22 phox and p47 phox in rats with type 2 diabetic liver disease].
[Sugar role through the life cycle: from infancy to the elderly].
[Sugar and exercise: its importance in athletes].
[The energy density and the nutritional quality of diet depending on their sugar content].
Dietary intake and body composition in HIV-positive and -negative South African women.
Effects of icosapent ethyl on lipid and inflammatory parameters in patients with diabetes mellitus-2, residual elevated triglycerides (200-500 mg/dL), and on statin therapy at LDL-C goal: the ANCHOR study.
Citrin deficiency in a Romanian child living in Spain highlights the worldwide distribution of this defect and illustrates the value of nutritional therapy.
Interferon regulatory factor 4 regulates obesity-induced inflammation through regulation of adipose tissue macrophage polarization.
High-intensity intermittent exercise attenuates ad-libitum energy intake.
Mild obesity reduces survival and adiponectin sensitivity in endotoxemic rats.
Preventive and ameliorating effects of citrus D-limonene on dyslipidemia and hyperglycemia in mice with high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Large scale meta-analyses of fasting plasma glucose raising variants in GCK, GCKR, MTNR1B and G6PC2 and their impacts on type 2 diabetes mellitus risk.
Postprandial effect of dietary fat quantity and quality on arterial stiffness and wave reflection: a randomised controlled trial.
Effects of butter from mountain-pasture grazing cows on risk markers of the metabolic syndrome compared with conventional Danish butter: a randomized controlled study.
CTRP9 transgenic mice are protected from diet-induced obesity and metabolic dysfunction.
Glucagon-like peptide-1 secretory function as an independent determinant of blood pressure: analysis in the Tanno-Sobetsu study.
Reduced incidence of Prevotella and other fermenters in intestinal microflora of autistic children.
Sugars consumption in a low-income sample of British young people and adults.
Hepatic remnant lipoprotein clearance by heparan sulfate proteoglycans and low-density lipoprotein receptors depend on dietary conditions in mice.
[Prevalence of underweight, overweight and obesity, energy intake and dietary caloric profile in university students from the region of Murcia (Spain)].
The impact of high fat diets on physiological changes in euthyroid and thyroid altered rats.
Intestinal GATA4 deficiency induces proximal fibroblast growth factor 15 expression and represses hepatic gluconeogenesis.
Supplemental vitamin C improves marbling in feedlot cattle consuming high sulfur diets.
Effect of a deacyl gymnemic acid on glucose homeostasis &amp; metabolic parameters in a rat model of metabolic syndrome.
Astaxanthin reduces hepatic endoplasmic reticulum stress and nuclear factor-κB-mediated inflammation in high fructose and high fat diet-fed mice.
Oxidative metabolism: glucose versus ketones.
Effects of pectin pentaoligosaccharide from Hawthorn ( Crataegus pinnatifida Bunge. var. Major) on the activity and mRNA levels of enzymes involved in fatty acid oxidation in the liver of mice fed a high-fat diet.
[Studies of influences of blood glucose controlling on the changes of lipid profiles, ApoB100, ApoAI and HDL subclass of newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes].
A novel long-acting glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide analogue: enhanced efficacy in normal and diabetic rodents.
Correlation between serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D level and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 in type 2 diabetic patients.
Apelin administration ameliorates high fat diet-induced cardiac hypertrophy and contractile dysfunction.
Weight and metabolic effects of dietary weight loss and exercise interventions in postmenopausal antidepressant medication users and non-users: a randomized controlled trial.
Established dietary estimates of net acid production do not predict measured net acid excretion in patients with Type 2 diabetes on Paleolithic-Hunter-Gatherer-type diets.
Structural modulation of gut microbiota in life-long calorie-restricted mice.
Resistin disrupts glycogen synthesis under high insulin and high glucose levels by down-regulating the hepatic levels of GSK3β.
Multisystemic functions of alkaline phosphatases.
High sugar intake and development of skeletal muscle insulin resistance and inflammation in mice: a protective role for PPAR- δ agonism.
Dietary selenium deficiency exacerbates DSS-induced epithelial injury and AOM/DSS-induced tumorigenesis.
Effects of sodium butyrate and its synthetic amide derivative on liver inflammation and glucose tolerance in an animal model of steatosis induced by high fat diet.
[Inhibitory effect of cocoomyxa gloeobotrydifomis on benign prostate hyperplasia in aged rats and its action mechanism].
Omega-3 fatty acids, hepatic lipid metabolism, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Dietary exposure of Hong Kong adults to fatty acid esters of 3-monochloropropane-1,2-diol.
Dietary predictors of childhood obesity in a representative sample of children in north east of Iran.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD): a tale of fat and sugar?
Trends in sugar supply and consumption in Australia: is there an Australian Paradox?
Hepatic menin recruits SIRT1 to control liver steatosis through histone deacetylation.
Betaine supplementation causes increase in carnitine metabolites in the muscle and liver of mice fed a high-fat diet as studied by nontargeted LC-MS metabolomics approach.
Activity of intestinal carbohydrases responds to multiple dietary signals in nestling house sparrows.
Glucose use in fasted rats under sevoflurane anesthesia and propofol anesthesia.
Effect of dietary carbohydrate, fat, and protein on postprandial glycemia and energy intake in cats.
The effect of high-calorie meal consumption on oxidative stress and endothelial dysfunction in healthy male adults.
Effect of homeopathic preparations of Syzygium jambolanum and Cephalandra indica on gastrocnemius muscle of high fat and high fructose-induced type-2 diabetic rats.
Grape seed proanthocyanidins ameliorate pancreatic beta-cell dysfunction and death in low-dose streptozotocin- and high-carbohydrate/high-fat diet-induced diabetic rats partially by regulating endoplasmic reticulum stress.
Characterisation of dietary fibre components in cereals and legumes used in Serbian diet.
Shifting paradigms: continuous nasogastric feeding with high caloric intakes in anorexia nervosa.
Molecular effects of ER alpha- and beta-selective agonists on regulation of energy homeostasis in obese female Wistar rats.
A derivatization method for the simultaneous detection of glucosinolates and isothiocyanates in biological samples.
Resveratrol prevents high-fructose corn syrup-induced vascular insulin resistance and dysfunction in rats.
Interference of selenium and selenoproteins with the insulin-regulated carbohydrate and lipid metabolism.
No difference between high-fructose and high-glucose diets on liver triacylglycerol or biochemistry in healthy overweight men.
The effect of agar jelly on energy expenditure, appetite, gastric emptying and glycaemic response.
The impact of iron content in a diet high in fat, fructose, and salt on metabolic state and mineral status of rats.
The anti-obesity effects of the dietary combination of fermented red ginseng with levan in high fat diet mouse model.
Fgf21 impairs adipocyte insulin sensitivity in mice fed a low-carbohydrate, high-fat ketogenic diet.
The dietary protein/carbohydrate ratio differentially modifies lipogenesis and protein synthesis in the mammary gland, liver and adipose tissue during gestation and lactation.
Involvement of the HIF-1α and Wnt/β-catenin pathways in the protective effects of losartan on fatty liver graft with ischaemia/reperfusion injury.
Effect of barley flour, crude cinnamon, and their combination on glycemia, dyslipidemia, and adipose tissue hormones in type 2 diabetic rats.
Exercise energy expenditure and postprandial lipemia in girls.
Regulation of adipose tissue T cell subsets by Stat3 is crucial for diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance.
Hypothalamic apelin/reactive oxygen species signaling controls hepatic glucose metabolism in the onset of diabetes.
Birthweight and fasting glucose and insulin levels: results from the Aboriginal Birth Cohort Study.
Bach1 deficiency protects pancreatic β-cells from oxidative stress injury.
Effect of polydextrose and soluble maize fibre on energy metabolism, metabolic profile and appetite control in overweight men and women.
An association between body mass index and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein concentrations is influenced by age in community-dwelling persons.
Modulation of polyamine metabolic flux in adipose tissue alters the accumulation of body fat by affecting glucose homeostasis.
Dietary antioxidants, cognitive function and dementia--a systematic review.
High-protein diet selectively reduces fat mass and improves glucose tolerance in Western-type diet-induced obese rats.
Cross-sectional study of possible association between rapid eating and high body fat rates among female Japanese college students.
Vitamin D supplementation affects serum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, insulin resistance, and biomarkers of oxidative stress in pregnant women.
Resveratrol prevents β-cell dedifferentiation in nonhuman primates given a high-fat/high-sugar diet.
Overnutrition stimulates intestinal epithelium proliferation through β-catenin signaling in obese mice.
Obesity and insulin resistance induce early development of diastolic dysfunction in young female mice fed a Western diet.
In vivo knockdown of adipocyte erythropoietin receptor does not alter glucose or energy homeostasis.
Vitamin D, secondary hyperparathyroidism, and preeclampsia.
Carbohydrate intake interacts with SNP276G&gt;T polymorphism in the adiponectin gene to affect fasting blood glucose, HbA1C, and HDL cholesterol in Korean patients with type 2 diabetes.
Is there a correlation between anti-pig antibody levels in humans and geographic location during childhood?
Effects of food on the pharmacokinetics of ponatinib in healthy subjects.
Dietary factors are associated with coronary heart disease risk factors in college students.
Insulin resistance and fasting plasma glucose in first degree relatives of patients with type 1 diabetes.
Alteration of sweet taste in high-fat diet induced obese rats after 4 weeks treatment with exenatide.
Population pharmacokinetics of topiramate in adult patients with epilepsy using nonlinear mixed effects modelling.
β3-Adrenoceptor activation attenuates atherosclerotic plaque formation in ApoE(-/-) mice through lowering blood lipids and glucose.
Streptozotocin-induced diabetes partially attenuates the effects of a high-fat diet on liver and brain fatty acid composition in mice.
Okra polysaccharide improves metabolic disorders in high-fat diet-induced obese C57BL/6 mice.
Leucine supplementation modulates fuel substrates utilization and glucose metabolism in previously obese mice.
Enhanced stem cell engraftment and modulation of hepatic reactive oxygen species production in diet-induced obesity.
Soybean meal induces intestinal inflammation in zebrafish larvae.
The cytokine mRNA increase induced by withdrawal from chronic ethanol in the sterile environment of brain is mediated by CRF and HMGB1 release.
Carcass characteristics of feedlot lambs fed crude glycerin contaminated with high concentrations of crude fat.
Antioxidant supplementation ameliorates molecular deficits in Smith-Lemli-Opitz syndrome.
Dietary omega-3 fatty acid deficiency and high fructose intake in the development of metabolic syndrome, brain metabolic abnormalities, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
[Correlation between MCP-1, HbA1c and glomerular filtration in nondiabetic patients].
In vivo effects of anacetrapib on preβ HDL: improvement in HDL remodeling without effects on cholesterol absorption.
Metabolic niche of a prominent sulfate-reducing human gut bacterium.
Effect of multispecies probiotic supplements on metabolic profiles, hs-CRP, and oxidative stress in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Dietary protein for muscle hypertrophy.
The inhibitory effect of black soybean on hepatic cholesterol accumulation in high cholesterol and high fat diet-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Combined low-saturated fat intake and high fitness may counterbalance diabetogenic effects of obesity: the DR's EXTRA Study.
Long-term supplementation of honokiol and magnolol ameliorates body fat accumulation, insulin resistance, and adipose inflammation in high-fat fed mice.
The relationships between body composition and cardiovascular risk factors in young Australian men.
Prevention of obesity and insulin resistance by estrogens requires ERα activation function-2 (ERαAF-2), whereas ERαAF-1 is dispensable.
Effects of a low- or a high-carbohydrate diet on performance, energy system contribution, and metabolic responses during supramaximal exercise.
Chemical properties of a polysaccharide purified from solid-state fermentation of Auricularia auricular and its biological activity as a hypolipidemic agent.
Meal replacement reduces insulin requirement, HbA1c and weight long-term in type 2 diabetes patients with &gt;100 U insulin per day.
Saffron (Crocus sativus L.) powder as an ingredient of rye bread: an anti-diabetic evaluation.
SPARC is over-expressed in adipose tissues of diet-induced obese rats and causes insulin resistance in 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
Serum potassium level is associated with metabolic syndrome: a population-based study.
Changes in endothelial function and depression scores are associated following long-term dietary intervention: a secondary analysis.
Dietary fiber intake modifies the association between secondhand smoke exposure and coronary heart disease mortality among Chinese non-smokers in Singapore.
Octreotide promotes weight loss via suppression of intestinal MTP and apoB48 expression in diet-induced obesity rats.
Transformed Drosophila cells evade diet-mediated insulin resistance through wingless signaling.
The effect of dietary restriction on longevity, fecundity, and antioxidant responses in the oriental fruit fly, Bactrocera dorsalis (Hendel) (Diptera: Tephritidae).
Spatial memory impairments in a prediabetic rat model.
Plasma and dietary antioxidant status as cardiovascular disease risk factors: a review of human studies.
Short-term overeating results in incomplete energy intake compensation regardless of energy density or macronutrient composition.
Effect of cholecalciferol and levo carnitine on plasma glucose, plasma insulin and insulin resistance in type 2 diabetic rats.
LC-MS/MS quantification of N-acetylneuraminic acid, N-glycolylneuraminic acid and ketodeoxynonulosonic acid levels in the urine and potential relationship with dietary sialic acid intake and disease in 3- to 5-year-old children.
Trends in food and beverage sources among US children and adolescents: 1989-2010.
Caloric restriction followed by high fat feeding predisposes to oxidative stress in skeletal muscle mitochondria.
Long-term orange juice consumption is associated with low LDL-cholesterol and apolipoprotein B in normal and moderately hypercholesterolemic subjects.
APPL1 transgenic mice are protected from high-fat diet-induced cardiac dysfunction.
Fruit and vegetable consumption and BMI change in primary school-age children: a cohort study.
Effect of lifestyle intervention on cardiometabolic risk factors: results of the POWER-UP trial.
Dietary fat differentially influences the lipids storage on the adipose tissue in metabolic syndrome patients.
Increased levels of invariant natural killer T lymphocytes worsen metabolic abnormalities and atherosclerosis in obese mice.
Garcinia Cambogia attenuates diet-induced adiposity but exacerbates hepatic collagen accumulation and inflammation.
The emerging role of dietary fructose in obesity and cognitive decline.
Short sleep duration and large variability in sleep duration are independently associated with dietary risk factors for obesity in Danish school children.
Incidences of diabetes and prediabetes among female adult breast cancer patients after systemic treatment.
The gene-diet interaction, LPL PvuII and HindIII and carbohydrate, on the criteria of metabolic syndrome: KMSRI-Seoul Study.
Parathyroid hormone has an important role in blood pressure regulation in vitamin D-insufficient individuals.
Methionine restriction prevents the progression of hepatic steatosis in leptin-deficient obese mice.
PPAR signaling pathway is a key modulator of liver proteome in pups born to vitamin B(12) deficient rats.
Effect of dietary advanced glycation end products on postprandial appetite, inflammation, and endothelial activation in healthy overweight individuals.
Modifying influence of dietary sugar in the relationship between cortisol and visceral adipose tissue in minority youth.
Major dietary patterns in relation to stunting among children in Tehran, Iran.
Effects of low-carbohydrate/high-monounsaturated fatty acid liquid diets on diurnal glucose variability and insulin dose in type 2 diabetes patients on tube feeding who require insulin therapy.
Association between nutrition and the evolution of multimorbidity: the importance of fruits and vegetables and whole grain products.
Antidiabetic effect of total flavonoids from Sanguis draxonis in type 2 diabetic rats.
Incretin response to a standard test meal in a rat model of sleeve gastrectomy with diet-induced obesity.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress in adipose tissue determines postprandial lipoprotein metabolism in metabolic syndrome patients.
The carbohydrate sensitive rat as a model of obesity.
Defensive effect of lansoprazole in dementia of AD type in mice exposed to streptozotocin and cholesterol enriched diet.
Evaluation of nutritional and antioxidant status of Lepidium latifolium Linn.: a novel phytofood from Ladakh.
Grape polyphenols increase the activity of HDL enzymes in old and obese rats.
Ketogenic diet in epileptic encephalopathies.
Growth receptor binding protein 10 inhibits glucose-stimulated insulin release from pancreatic β-cells associated with suppression of the insulin/insulin-like growth factor-1 signalling pathway.
Dietary energy intake is associated with type 2 diabetes risk markers in children.
A 10-year analysis of thyrotoxic periodic paralysis in 135 patients: focus on symptomatology and precipitants.
Current issues in dietary acrylamide: formation, mitigation and risk assessment.
Loss of CCR5 results in glucose intolerance in diet-induced obese mice.
Human-relevant levels of added sugar consumption increase female mortality and lower male fitness in mice.
Variation of serum metabolites related to habitual diet: a targeted metabolomic approach in EPIC-Potsdam.
Dietary strategies to reduce metabolic syndrome.
High-caloric food supplements in the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a prospective interventional study.
Acute effects of oral preloads with increasing energy density on gastric emptying, gut hormone release, thermogenesis and energy intake, in overweight and obese men.
Relationship of dietary factors and habits with sleep-wake regularity.
Nutrition as a link between obesity and cardiovascular disease: how can we stop the obesity epidemic?
Carbohydrate quality and quantity affect glucose and lipid metabolism during weight regain in healthy men.
[Investigation of a compound, compatibility of Rhodiola crenulata, Cordyceps militaris, and Rheum palmatum on metabolic syndrome treatment III--controlling blood glucose].
Health significance of fat quality in the diet.
Risk of metabolic syndrome and diabetes among young twins and singletons in Guinea-Bissau.
Exercise in obese female rats has beneficial effects on maternal and male and female offspring metabolism.
Glycemic index, glycemic load and mammographic breast density: the EPIC Florence longitudinal study.
Short-chain fructo-oligosaccharides modulate intestinal microbiota and metabolic parameters of humanized gnotobiotic diet induced obesity mice.
The GPVI-Fc fusion protein Revacept reduces thrombus formation and improves vascular dysfunction in atherosclerosis without any impact on bleeding times.
[Clinical and pathogenetic significance of collagen metabolism disorder in children with gastroesophageal reflux disease].
Goblet cell types in intestine of tiger barb and black tetra (Cyprinidae, Characidae: Teleostei).
Beneficial effects of silibinin against the progression of metabolic syndrome, increased oxidative stress, and liver steatosis in Psammomys obesus, a relevant animal model of human obesity and diabetes.
Experimental evidence for the use of CCR2 antagonists in the treatment of type 2 diabetes.
Association of leptin receptor gene Q223R polymorphism on lipid profiles in comparison study between obese and non-obese subjects.
Immature mice are more susceptible to the detrimental effects of high fat diet on cancellous bone in the distal femur.
Hepatic extracellular signal-regulated kinase 2 suppresses endoplasmic reticulum stress and protects from oxidative stress and endothelial dysfunction.
Effects of light on the circadian rhythm of diabetic rats under restricted feeding.
Crucial roles of Nox2-derived oxidative stress in deteriorating the function of insulin receptors and endothelium in dietary obesity of middle-aged mice.
The insulin sensitizing effect of topiramate involves KATP channel activation in the central nervous system.
Feeding a C16:0-enriched fat supplement increased the yield of milk fat and improved conversion of feed to milk.
Pro-HEART - a randomized clinical trial to test the effectiveness of a high protein diet targeting obese individuals with heart failure: rationale, design and baseline characteristics.
Consumption of a diet low in advanced glycation end products for 4 weeks improves insulin sensitivity in overweight women.
[Nutritional laminitis--preventive measures for the obese horse].
Autophagy deficiency by hepatic FIP200 deletion uncouples steatosis from liver injury in NAFLD.
Nausea and vomiting in pregnancy: associations with maternal gestational diet and lifestyle factors in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study.
Prevalence of and intention to change dietary and physical activity health risk behaviours.
A role for adipocyte-derived lipopolysaccharide-binding protein in inflammation- and obesity-associated adipose tissue dysfunction.
Postprandial oxidative stress is modulated by dietary fat in adipose tissue from elderly people.
Use of high-normal levels of haemoglobin A(1C) and fasting plasma glucose for diabetes screening and for prediction: a meta-analysis.
Proteomic analysis of the dorsal and ventral hippocampus of rats maintained on a high fat and refined sugar diet.
SFAs do not impair endothelial function and arterial stiffness.
A diet rich in high-glucoraphanin broccoli interacts with genotype to reduce discordance in plasma metabolite profiles by modulating mitochondrial function.
Diet-induced obesity, adipose inflammation, and metabolic dysfunction correlating with PAR2 expression are attenuated by PAR2 antagonism.
The importance of using food and nutrient intake data to identify appropriate vehicles and estimate potential benefits of food fortification in Uganda.
Dietary fructose feeding increases adipose methylglyoxal accumulation in rats in association with low expression and activity of glyoxalase-2.
Improved rodent maternal metabolism but reduced intrauterine growth after vertical sleeve gastrectomy.
Peripheral effects of nesfatin-1 on glucose homeostasis.
No evidence for a role of adipose tissue-derived serum amyloid a in the development of insulin resistance or obesity-related inflammation in hSAA1(+/-) transgenic mice.
Ambient fine particulate matter and ozone exposures induce inflammation in epicardial and perirenal adipose tissues in rats fed a high fructose diet.
Diagnostic dilemma: rare case of recurrent d-lactic acidosis leading to recurrent acute cardiac failure.
Beneficial effects of fresh and fermented kimchi in prediabetic individuals.
Effect of BMI and binge eating on food reward and energy intake: further evidence for a binge eating subtype of obesity.
Lessons from the feeding infants and toddlers study in North America: what children eat, and implications for obesity prevention.
Berberis aristata/Silybum marianum fixed combination on lipid profile and insulin secretion in dyslipidemic patients.
Foraging to settled life: a comparative study of anthropometry and nutrition of Onges of Little Andaman Island.
Sexual dimorphism in fat distribution and metabolic profile in mice offspring from diet-induced obese mothers.
Mediterranean diet and glycaemic load in relation to incidence of type 2 diabetes: results from the Greek cohort of the population-based European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC).
Acne: risk indicator for increased body mass index and insulin resistance.
The effect of a low fructose and low glycemic index/load (FRAGILE) dietary intervention on indices of liver function, cardiometabolic risk factors, and body composition in children and adolescents with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD).
Effects of diet on resource utilization by a model human gut microbiota containing Bacteroides cellulosilyticus WH2, a symbiont with an extensive glycobiome.
High fat diet accelerates pathogenesis of murine Crohn's disease-like ileitis independently of obesity.
The snacking rat as model of human obesity: effects of a free-choice high-fat high-sugar diet on meal patterns.
The major European dietary patterns and metabolic syndrome.
Effects of dietary energy density on serum adipocytokine levels in diabetic women.
Acute sodium ingestion has no effect on short-term food and water intake, subjective appetite, thirst, or glycemic response in healthy young men.
Effect of short-duration lipid supplementation on fat oxidation during exercise and cycling performance.
Chronic exposure to PCBs (Aroclor 1254) exacerbates obesity-induced insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia in mice.
Stress hyperglycaemia in hospitalized patients with coronary artery disease and type 2 diabetes risk.
Combination of inositol and alpha lipoic acid in metabolic syndrome-affected women: a randomized placebo-controlled trial.
[Effect of blood glucose fluctuation and the sustained high blood glucose on renal pathological change and collagen IV expression in diabetic rats].
Impaired glucose tolerance in rats fed low-carbohydrate, high-fat diets.
TLR4 is required for the obesity-induced pancreatic beta cell dysfunction.
Glycosaminoglycan overproduction in the aorta increases aortic calcification in murine chronic kidney disease.
Coronary endothelial dysfunction and mitochondrial reactive oxygen species in type 2 diabetic mice.
Effect of a High Protein Weight Loss Diet on Weight, High-Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein, and Cardiovascular Risk among Overweight and Obese Women: A Parallel Clinical Trial.
Estimation of energy and nutritional intake of young men practicing aerobic sports.
Maternal educational level and preschool children's consumption of high-calorie snacks and sugar-containing beverages: mediation by the family food environment.
Effects of high fiber intake during late pregnancy on sow physiology, colostrum production, and piglet performance.
Dietary red meat aggravates dextran sulfate sodium-induced colitis in mice whereas resistant starch attenuates inflammation.
Influence of fructose and fatty-rich diet combined with vanadium on bone marrow cells.
Energy dense, protein restricted diet increases adiposity and perturbs metabolism in young, genetically lean pigs.
Effect of the Mediterranean diet on plasma adipokine concentrations in men with metabolic syndrome.
Ethanol extract of the Prunus mume fruits stimulates glucose uptake by regulating PPAR-γ in C2C12 myotubes and ameliorates glucose intolerance and fat accumulation in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Miglitol prevents diet-induced obesity by stimulating brown adipose tissue and energy expenditure independent of preventing the digestion of carbohydrates.
Olive oil attenuates the cholesterol-induced development of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis despite increased insulin resistance in a rodent model.
Injury prevention for ski-area employees: a physiological assessment of lift operators, instructors, and patrollers.
Taurine-induced insulin signalling improvement of obese malnourished mice is associated with redox balance and protein phosphatases activity modulation.
The comparison of glycometabolism parameters and lipid profiles between drug-naïve, first-episode schizophrenia patients and healthy controls.
Inter-relationships among diet, obesity and hippocampal-dependent cognitive function.
The influence of a physician and patient intervention program on dietary intake.
Dark chocolate: an obesity paradox or a culprit for weight gain?
Reappraisal of SFA and cardiovascular risk.
[A new type of bread in the diet of healthy and sick person].
[Can high cholesterol be beneficial?].
Deep sequencing reveals increased DNA methylation in chronic rat epilepsy.
A culturally adapted lifestyle intervention addressing a Middle Eastern immigrant population at risk of diabetes, the MEDIM (impact of Migration and Ethnicity on Diabetes In Malmö): study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Proteome analysis of hemolymph changes during the larval to pupal development stages of honeybee workers (Apis mellifera ligustica).
Adaptation of the AOAC 2011.25 integrated total dietary fiber assay to determine the dietary fiber and oligosaccharide content of dry edible beans.
Novel fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase gene mutation in two siblings.
Mesenchymal stem cell transplantation for the infarcted heart: therapeutic potential for insulin resistance beyond the heart.
Application and opportunities of pulses in food system: a review.
Micronutrient status of children receiving prolonged enteral nutrition.
Dietary carbohydrates, refined grains, glycemic load, and risk of coronary heart disease in Chinese adults.
Genetic disruption of SOD1 gene causes glucose intolerance and impairs β-cell function.
Neuroprotective effects of Vitis vinifera extract on prediabetic mice induced by a high-fat diet.
Role of choline deficiency in the Fatty liver phenotype of mice fed a low protein, very low carbohydrate ketogenic diet.
The Spanish diet: an update.
K(ATP)-channel-dependent regulation of catecholaminergic neurons controls BAT sympathetic nerve activity and energy homeostasis.
Portal glucose influences the sensory, cortical and reward systems in rats.
Resistant starch intake partly restores metabolic and inflammatory alterations in the liver of high-fat-diet-fed rats.
High fasting blood glucose and obesity significantly and independently increase risk of breast cancer death in hormone receptor-positive disease.
Effects of intrajugular glucose infusion on feed intake, milk yield, and metabolic responses of early postpartum cows fed diets varying in protein and starch concentration.
A comprehensive metabolic evaluation reveals impaired glucose metabolism and dyslipidemia in breast cancer patients early in the disease trajectory.
Consumption of a low-carbohydrate and high-fat diet (the ketogenic diet) exaggerates biotin deficiency in mice.
Natural product vindoline stimulates insulin secretion and efficiently ameliorates glucose homeostasis in diabetic murine models.
Gamma-tocopherol attenuates moderate but not severe colitis and suppresses moderate colitis-promoted colon tumorigenesis in mice.
Nutrition and nutritional issues for dancers.
Deletion of hepatic FoxO1/3/4 genes in mice significantly impacts on glucose metabolism through downregulation of gluconeogenesis and upregulation of glycolysis.
Improvements in glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity with a low-carbohydrate diet in obese patients with type 2 diabetes.
Comparing effects of carbohydrate (CHO) blockers and trivalent chromium on CHO-induced insulin resistance and elevated blood pressure in rats.
Effects of soy-soluble fiber and flaxseed gum on the glycemic and insulinemic responses to glucose solutions and dairy products in healthy adult males.
Balancing of specific nutrients and subsequent growth and body composition in the slug Arion lusitanicus.
Lipotoxicity disrupts incretin-regulated human β cell connectivity.
Dimethyl dimethoxy biphenyl dicarboxylate attenuates hepatic and metabolic alterations in high fructose-fed rats.
Comparative effects of carbohydrate versus fat restriction on serum levels of adipocytokines, markers of inflammation, and endothelial function among women with the metabolic syndrome: a randomized cross-over clinical trial.
Ecscr regulates insulin sensitivity and predisposition to obesity by modulating endothelial cell functions.
Improved gross efficiency during long duration submaximal cycling following a short-term high carbohydrate diet.
High 'normal' blood glucose is associated with decreased brain volume and cognitive performance in the 60s: the PATH through life study.
[Study on the prevalence of dyslipidemia and associated dietary risk factors among adults in Shunyi District of Beijing].
Diet-induced weight gain produces a graded increase in behavioral responses to an acute immune challenge.
Early postweaning exercise improves central leptin sensitivity in offspring of rat dams fed high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation.
The relationship between neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio and coronary collateral circulation.
The human milk metabolome reveals diverse oligosaccharide profiles.
Apparent carbohydrate and lipid digestibility of feeds for whiteleg shrimp, Litopenaeus vannamei (Decapoda: Penaeidae), cultivated at different salinities.
Comparison of characteristics between nonobese and overweight/obese subjects with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in a South Indian population.
A slightly high-normal glucose level is associated with increased arterial stiffness in Japanese community-dwelling persons with pre-diabetes.
Glucose transporter-8 (GLUT8) mediates glucose intolerance and dyslipidemia in high-fructose diet-fed male mice.
High-fat diet alters gut microbiota physiology in mice.
Dynamics of macronutrient self-medication and illness-induced anorexia in virally infected insects.
Fructose, pregnancy and later life impacts.
Effects of high-fat and high-carbohydrate diets on fat and carbohydrate oxidation and plasma metabolites in healthy cats.
What are the preferred strategies for control of glycaemic variability in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus?
Higher glycemic index and glycemic load diet is associated with increased risk of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma: a case-control study.
Enzymatically synthesized glycogen reduces lipid accumulation in diet-induced obese rats.
Evaluation of performance of A1c and FPG tests for screening newly diagnosed diabetes defined by an OGTT among tuberculosis patients-a study from India.
The high-fat high-fructose hamster as an animal model for niacin's biological activities in humans.
Silibinin ameliorates steatosis and insulin resistance during non-alcoholic fatty liver disease development partly through targeting IRS-1/PI3K/Akt pathway.
Anti-hyperglycemic effect of bilberry, blackberry and mulberry ultrasonic extracts on diabetic rats.
Effect of controlled lactic acid fermentation on selected bioactive and nutritional parameters of tempeh obtained from unhulled common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris) seeds.
Changing dietary calcium-phosphorus level and cereal source selectively alters abundance of bacteria and metabolites in the upper gastrointestinal tracts of weaned pigs.
Cyanidin-3-glucoside suppresses cytokine-induced inflammatory response in human intestinal cells: comparison with 5-aminosalicylic acid.
Negligible colon cancer risk from food-borne acrylamide exposure in male F344 rats and nude (nu/nu) mice-bearing human colon tumor xenografts.
Increased methylglyoxal formation with upregulation of renin angiotensin system in fructose fed Sprague Dawley rats.
Mice lacking ANGPTL8 (Betatrophin) manifest disrupted triglyceride metabolism without impaired glucose homeostasis.
Age-dependent effect of high-fructose and high-fat diets on lipid metabolism and lipid accumulation in liver and kidney of rats.
Quercetin glucosides promote ischemia-induced angiogenesis, but do not promote tumor growth.
Association of dietary patterns with insulin resistance and clinically silent carotid atherosclerosis in apparently healthy people.
Effect of rapid weight loss on performance in combat sport male athletes: does adaptation to chronic weight cycling play a role?
Higher fecal bile acid hydrophobicity is associated with exacerbation of dextran sodium sulfate colitis in mice.
Trends in dietary fat and high-fat food intakes from 1991 to 2008 in the Framingham Heart Study participants.
Strategies in the nutritional management of gestational diabetes.
Linagliptin alleviates hepatic steatosis and inflammation in a mouse model of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Methionine and choline regulate the metabolic phenotype of a ketogenic diet.
Absorption studies show that phytase from Aspergillus niger significantly increases iron and zinc bioavailability from phytate-rich foods.
Food marketing expenditures aimed at youth: putting the numbers in context.
Assessment of mealtime environments and nutrition practices in child care centers in Georgia.
Appetite regulation in overweight, sedentary men after different amounts of endurance exercise: a randomized controlled trial.
Biomarkers of diabetes risk in the National Diet and Nutrition Survey rolling programme (2008-2011).
Effects of different protein and glycemic index diets on metabolic profiles and substrate partitioning in lean healthy males.
In vitro and in vivo digestion of octenyl succinic starch.
Nutritional status, food intake and cardiovascular disease risk in individuals with schizophrenia in southern Brazil: a case-control study.
Effects of alfalfa hay particle size in high-concentrate diets supplemented with unsaturated fat: chewing behavior, total-tract digestibility, and milk production of dairy cows.
Dietary starch source and protein degradability in diets containing sucrose: effects on ruminal measures and proposed mechanism for degradable protein effects.
Roles for corticotropin-releasing factor receptor type 1 in energy homeostasis in mice.
Antihyperglycemic effect of carvacrol in combination with rosiglitazone in high-fat diet-induced type 2 diabetic C57BL/6J mice.
Increase or decrease hydrogen sulfide exert opposite lipolysis, but reduce global insulin resistance in high fatty diet induced obese mice.
Inulin controls inflammation and metabolic endotoxemia in women with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized-controlled clinical trial.
Feeding probiotic Lactobacillus paracasei to Ossabaw pigs on a high-fat diet prevents cholesteryl-ester accumulation and LPS modulation of the Liver X receptor and inflammatory axis in alveolar macrophages.
Effect of bariatric surgery on liver glucose metabolism in morbidly obese diabetic and non-diabetic patients.
Fucosylated chondroitin sulfate from Acaudina molpadioides improves hyperglycemia via activation of PKB/GLUT4 signaling in skeletal muscle of insulin resistant mice.
Similar effects on cognitive performance during high- and low-carbohydrate obesity treatment.
Glutathionylated lipid aldehydes are products of adipocyte oxidative stress and activators of macrophage inflammation.
Prediction of diabetes based on baseline metabolic characteristics in individuals at high risk.
Interruption of ghrelin signaling in the PVN increases high-fat diet intake and body weight in stressed and non-stressed C57BL6J male mice.
Cardiac metabolism in a new rat model of type 2 diabetes using high-fat diet with low dose streptozotocin.
Sweet potato [Ipomoea batatas (L.) Lam. 'Tainong 57'] starch improves insulin sensitivity in high-fructose diet-fed rats by ameliorating adipocytokine levels, pro-inflammatory status, and insulin signaling.
The relationship between dietary vitamin A intake and the levels of sialic acid in the breast milk of lactating women.
Microbiome remodelling leads to inhibition of intestinal farnesoid X receptor signalling and decreased obesity.
Transgenic muscle-specific Nor-1 expression regulates multiple pathways that effect adiposity, metabolism, and endurance.
Sugar, uric acid, and the etiology of diabetes and obesity.
Green tea polyphenol epigallocatechin-3-gallate enhance glycogen synthesis and inhibit lipogenesis in hepatocytes.
[Investigation of a compound, compatibility of Rhodiola crenulata, Cordyceps militaris, and Rheum palmatum, on metabolic syndrome treatment. V--Mechanisms on improving glucose metabolic disorders].
The practical aspects of insulin at high altitude.
Reduced insulin sensitivity as a marker for acute mountain sickness?
Green tea extract containing a highly absorbent catechin prevents diet-induced lipid metabolism disorder.
Metformin decreases high-fat diet-induced renal injury by regulating the expression of adipokines and the renal AMP-activated protein kinase/acetyl-CoA carboxylase pathway in mice.
Resting metabolic rate in obese diabetic and obese non-diabetic subjects and its relation to glycaemic control.
Oral caffeine during voluntary exercise markedly inhibits skin carcinogenesis and decreases inflammatory cytokines in UVB-treated mice.
Dietary carbohydrate dictates development of Type 2 diabetes in the Nile rat.
Insulin resistance of protein metabolism in type 2 diabetes and impact on dietary needs: a review.
Angiotensin II receptor blocker telmisartan prevents new-onset diabetes in pre-diabetes OLETF rats on a high-fat diet: evidence of anti-diabetes action.
Dietary benzo(a)pyrene intake during pregnancy and birth weight: associations modified by vitamin C intakes in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study (MoBa).
Coffee and tea: perks for health and longevity?
Hemoglobin A1c as a marker for identifying diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors: the China Health and Nutrition Survey 2009.
Regulation of carbohydrate metabolism by indole-3-carbinol and its metabolite 3,3'-diindolylmethane in high-fat diet-induced C57BL/6J mice.
Gromwell (Lithospermum erythrorhizon) supplementation enhances epidermal levels of ceramides, glucosylceramides, β-glucocerebrosidase, and acidic sphingomyelinase in NC/Nga mice.
Guinea pig ascorbate status predicts tetrahydrobiopterin plasma concentration and oxidation ratio in vivo.
Appetite loss may be induced by lower serum ghrelin and higher serum leptin concentrations in subarachnoid hemorrhage patients.
Consuming a hypocaloric high fat low carbohydrate diet for 12 weeks lowers C-reactive protein, and raises serum adiponectin and high density lipoprotein-cholesterol in obese subjects.
Wild rice (Zizania palustris L.) prevents atherogenesis in LDL receptor knockout mice.
Hypolipidemic effect of Goami-3 rice (Oryza sativa L. cv. Goami-3) on C57BL/6J mice is mediated by the regulation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-α and -γ.
A diet low in FODMAPs reduces symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome.
Effect of colesevelam and niacin on low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and glycemic control in subjects with dyslipidemia and impaired fasting glucose.
Loss of NHE1 activity leads to reduced oxidative stress in heart and mitigates high-fat diet-induced myocardial stress.
TFAP2B -dietary protein and glycemic index interactions and weight maintenance after weight loss in the DiOGenes trial.
Honeysuckle anthocyanin supplementation prevents diet-induced obesity in C57BL/6 mice.
Protective effect of the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: Eicosapentaenoic acid/Docosahexaenoic acid 1:1 ratio on cardiovascular disease risk markers in rats.
Predictive factors of achieving therapeutic goals of hypertriglyceridemia.
Dietary magnesium intake improves insulin resistance among non-diabetic individuals with metabolic syndrome participating in a dietary trial.
Leucine supplementation protects from insulin resistance by regulating adiposity levels.
Natural carbon isotope abundance of plasma metabolites and liver tissue differs between diabetic and non-diabetic Zucker diabetic fatty rats.
Tff3, as a novel peptide, regulates hepatic glucose metabolism.
Effects of short-term nutritional interventions on right ventricular function in healthy men.
Associations between sports participation, adiposity and obesity-related health behaviors in Australian adolescents.
Dietitian-observed macronutrient intakes of young skill and team-sport athletes: adequacy of pre, during, and postexercise nutrition.
High-saturated fat-sucrose feeding affects lactation energetics in control mice and mice selectively bred for high wheel-running behavior.
Molecular evidence for a role for K(+)-Cl(-) cotransporters in the kidney.
Association between dietary folate intake and serum insulin-like growth factor-1 levels in healthy old women.
The effects of an obesogenic diet during pregnancy on fetal growth and placental gene expression are gestation dependent.
2-Aminoadipic acid is a biomarker for diabetes risk.
Dietary carbohydrate intake, glycemic index, and glycemic load and endometrial cancer risk: a prospective cohort study.
The effects of carbohydrate loading 48 hours before a simulated squash match.
Resveratrol improves adipose insulin signaling and reduces the inflammatory response in adipose tissue of rhesus monkeys on high-fat, high-sugar diet.
Regulation effects of TZQ-F on adipocyte differentiation and insulin action.
Gastroesophageal reflux in pregnancy: a systematic review on the benefit of raft forming agents.
Pre- and postnatal nutrition in sheep affects β-cell secretion and hypothalamic control.
Long term metabolic syndrome induced by a high fat high fructose diet leads to minimal renal injury in C57BL/6 mice.
Tragopogon porrifolius improves serum lipid profile and increases short-term satiety in rats.
High dietary glycemic load increases the risk of non-gallstone-related acute pancreatitis: a prospective cohort study.
Constitutively active CaMKKα stimulates skeletal muscle glucose uptake in insulin-resistant mice in vivo.
Development and validation of an electronic FFQ to assess food intake in the Slovene population.
Glycemic index claims on food labels: review of Health Canada's evaluation.
Reduced-fat bologna sausages with improved lipid fraction.
Effect of molecular weight profile of sorghum proanthocyanidins on resistant starch formation.
Potential utility of sodium selenate as an adjunct to metformin in treating type II diabetes mellitus in rats: a perspective on protein tyrosine phosphatase.
Fruit and vegetable intake and vitamins C and E are associated with a reduced prevalence of cataract in a Spanish Mediterranean population.
Inhibition of ceramide de novo synthesis reduces liver lipid accumulation in rats with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Impact of diets with a high content of greaves-meal protein or carbohydrates on faecal characteristics, volatile fatty acids and faecal calprotectin concentrations in healthy dogs.
Diet and inflammatory bowel disease: review of patient-targeted recommendations.
Fish oil supplementation ameliorates fructose-induced hypertriglyceridemia and insulin resistance in adult male rhesus macaques.
Dietary patterns and breast cancer risk in the California Teachers Study cohort.
Programming effects of high-carbohydrate feeding of larvae on adult glucose metabolism in zebrafish, Danio rerio.
Diabetes mellitus and tuberculosis: pattern of tuberculosis, two-month smear conversion and treatment outcomes in Guangzhou, China.
High fructose solution induces neuronal loss in the nucleus of the solitary tract of rats.
Pioglitazone upregulates hepatic angiotensin converting enzyme 2 expression in rats with steatohepatitis.
Expression of type IIA secretory phospholipase A2 inhibits cholesteryl ester transfer protein activity in transgenic mice.
Accumulation of promutagenic DNA adducts in the mouse distal colon after consumption of heme does not induce colonic neoplasms in the western diet model of spontaneous colorectal cancer.
Effects of dietary interventions on liver volume in humans.
Metabolic syndrome components and their response to lifestyle and metformin interventions are associated with differences in diabetes risk in persons with impaired glucose tolerance.
The addition of whole soy flour to cafeteria diet reduces metabolic risk markers in wistar rats.
Camel milk ameliorates steatohepatitis, insulin resistance and lipid peroxidation in experimental non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Nutrient intakes among children and adolescents eating usual pizza products in school lunch compared with pizza meeting HealthierUS School Challenge criteria.
[Clinical and genetic characteristics of glucose transporter type 1 deficiency syndrome].
High dietary protein restores overreaching induced impairments in leukocyte trafficking and reduces the incidence of upper respiratory tract infection in elite cyclists.
Association of infant feeding and dietary intake on obesity prevalence in low-income toddlers.
Effect of (D)-fagomine on excreted Enterobacteria and weight gain in rats fed a high-fat high-sucrose diet.
CXCR3 modulates obesity-induced visceral adipose inflammation and systemic insulin resistance.
Cardiovascular risk factors, carotid artery intima media thickness, and HSCRP levels in patients with impaired glucose metabolism.
Bone as a regulator of glucose metabolism.
Long-term testosterone therapy in hypogonadal men ameliorates elements of the metabolic syndrome: an observational, long-term registry study.
Antioxidant activity of penta-oligogalacturonide, isolated from haw pectin, suppresses triglyceride synthesis in mice fed with a high-fat diet.
Development and validation of a nutritional questionnaire for the Palestine population.
Eplerenone ameliorates the phenotypes of metabolic syndrome with NASH in liver-specific SREBP-1c Tg mice fed high-fat and high-fructose diet.
Colonic hydrogen generated from fructan diffuses into the abdominal cavity and reduces adipose mRNA abundance of cytokines in rats.
Resistant starch induces catabolic but suppresses immune and cell division pathways and changes the microbiome in the proximal colon of male pigs.
Functional bowel symptoms and diet.
Diurnal postprandial responses to low and high glycaemic index mixed meals.
Cost-effectiveness of alternative thresholds of the fasting plasma glucose test to identify the target population for type 2 diabetes prevention in adults aged ≥45 years.
Elevated HbA1c and fasting plasma glucose in predicting diabetes incidence among older adults: are two better than one?
High dietary salt decreases antioxidant defenses in the liver of fructose-fed insulin-resistant rats.
Phytase transgenic corn in nutrition of laying hens: residual phytase activity and phytate phosphorus content in the gastrointestinal tract.
Proteolytic activity alterations resulting from force-feeding in Muscovy and Pekin ducks.
Prebiotic oligosaccharides in premature infants.
Carbamylated erythropoietin attenuates cardiomyopathy via PI3K/Akt activation in rats with diabetic cardiomyopathy.
A multicenter, prospective, randomized, double-blind study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of Saroglitazar 2 and 4 mg compared with placebo in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients having hypertriglyceridemia not controlled with atorvastatin therapy (PRESS VI).
Comparison of effects of long-term low-fat vs high-fat diets on blood lipid levels in overweight or obese patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
The heart is better protected against myocardial infarction in the fed state compared to the fasted state.
Effect of substitution of soybean meal by canola meal or distillers grains in dairy rations on amino acid and glucose availability.
Cardiac positron emission tomography enhances prognostic assessments of patients with suspected cardiac sarcoidosis.
Effect of buckwheat flour and oat bran on growth and cell viability of the probiotic strains Lactobacillus rhamnosus IMC 501®, Lactobacillus paracasei IMC 502® and their combination SYNBIO®, in synbiotic fermented milk.
Blueberry and mulberry juice prevent obesity development in C57BL/6 mice.
Potentiation of antioxidant effect of dietary tender cluster beans (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba) by garlic (Allium sativum) in high-cholesterol-fed rats.
D-psicose increases energy expenditure and decreases body fat accumulation in rats fed a high-sucrose diet.
Effect of a low-intensity parent-focused nutrition intervention on dietary intake of 2- to 5-year olds.
Effect of varying concentrations of vitamin C on performance, blood metabolites, and carcass characteristics of steers consuming a common high-sulfur (0.55% S) diet.
Effects of high and low fat dairy food on cardio-metabolic risk factors: a meta-analysis of randomized studies.
Effects of taurine supplementation on hepatic markers of inflammation and lipid metabolism in mothers and offspring in the setting of maternal obesity.
Low-carbohydrate and high-fat intake can manage obesity and associated conditions: occasional survey.
Dietary factors associated with subclinical inflammation among girls.
Nutrition for tennis: practical recommendations.
Lipid-lowering effect of molluscan (Katelysia opima) glycosaminoglycan (GAG) in hypercholesterolemic induced rats.
SH2B1 in β-cells regulates glucose metabolism by promoting β-cell survival and islet expansion.
Diet of patients after pouch surgery may affect pouch inflammation.
Executive functioning and the metabolic syndrome: a project FRONTIER study.
The evolution of non-diabetic hyperglycemia: a longitudinal study.
Associations of bread and pasta with the risk of cancer of the breast and colorectum.
Comparison of ascorbic acid biosynthesis in different tissues of three non-heading Chinese cabbage cultivars.
Whole grain and refined grain consumption and the risk of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of cohort studies.
Mice heterozygous for the xanthine oxidoreductase gene facilitate lipid accumulation in adipocytes.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor δ agonist GW1516 attenuates diet-induced aortic inflammation, insulin resistance, and atherosclerosis in low-density lipoprotein receptor knockout mice.
Excessive adiposity and sedentary lifestyles are prevalent in cancer patients; a pilot study.
[The association between dietary macronutrients intake and obesity among children and adolescents; a case-control study].
Dietary N-nitroso compounds and risk of colorectal cancer: a case-control study in Newfoundland and Labrador and Ontario, Canada.
Pak3 promotes cell cycle exit and differentiation of β-cells in the embryonic pancreas and is necessary to maintain glucose homeostasis in adult mice.
The protective effect of Liu-Wei-Di-Huang-Fang in salt-sensitive hypertension rats.
A novel glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1)/glucagon hybrid peptide with triple-acting agonist activity at glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide, GLP-1, and glucagon receptors and therapeutic potential in high fat-fed mice.
Hypercholesterolemia induces short-term spatial memory impairments in mice: up-regulation of acetylcholinesterase activity as an early and causal event?
Nutrient digestibility of lentil and regular- and low-oligosaccharide, micronized full-fat soybean fed to grower pigs.
Prevention of liver steatosis through fish oil supplementation: correlation of oxidative stress with insulin resistance and liver fatty acid content.
A gestational ketogenic diet alters maternal metabolic status as well as offspring physiological growth and brain structure in the neonatal mouse.
Magnetic resonance imaging of the liver: apparent diffusion coefficients from multiexponential analysis of b values greater than 50 s/mm2 do not respond to caloric intake despite increased portal-venous blood flow.
11β-Hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 (11β-HSD1) inhibitors still improve metabolic phenotype in male 11β-HSD1 knockout mice suggesting off-target mechanisms.
Expression of melanin-concentrating hormone receptor 2 protects against diet-induced obesity in male mice.
High-density lipoprotein maintains skeletal muscle function by modulating cellular respiration in mice.
Both dietary protein and fat increase postprandial glucose excursions in children with type 1 diabetes, and the effect is additive.
Porcine adiponectin receptor 1 transgene resists high-fat/sucrose diet-induced weight gain, hepatosteatosis and insulin resistance in mice.
Anti-diabetic effect of balanced deep-sea water and its mode of action in high-fat diet induced diabetic mice.
Inhibition of adipogenesis in 3T3-L1 cells and suppression of abdominal fat accumulation in high-fat diet-feeding C57BL/6J mice after downregulation of hyaluronic acid.
Troxerutin suppresses lipid abnormalities in the heart of high-fat-high-fructose diet-fed mice.
Anaerobic cellulolytic rumen fungal populations in goats fed with and without Leucaena leucocephala hybrid, as determined by real-time PCR.
Lactose avoidance for young children with acute diarrhoea.
Evaluation of effect of acarbose consumption on weight losing in non-diabetic overweight or obese patients in Kerman.
The influence of a low glycemic index dietary intervention on maternal dietary intake, glycemic index and gestational weight gain during pregnancy: a randomized controlled trial.
The role of gangliosides in brain development and the potential benefits of perinatal supplementation.
The polyphenol-rich baobab fruit (Adansonia digitata L.) reduces starch digestion and glycemic response in humans.
Dietary carbohydrate restriction improves insulin sensitivity, blood pressure, microvascular function, and cellular adhesion markers in individuals taking statins.
EXTL2 controls liver regeneration and aortic calcification through xylose kinase-dependent regulation of glycosaminoglycan biosynthesis.
Acute interactions between intestinal sugar and calcium transport in vitro.
Serotonin 2C receptors in pro-opiomelanocortin neurons regulate energy and glucose homeostasis.
[Management of gestational diabetes].
Liver transplantation versus conservative treatment for adult-onset type II citrullinemia: our experience and a review of the literature.
Mushroom and dietary selenium intakes in relation to fasting glucose levels in a free-living Italian adult population: the Moli-sani Project.
Antihyperglycemic, antihyperlipidemic and antioxidant effects of ethanol and aqueous extracts of Cyclocarya paliurus leaves in type 2 diabetic rats.
Isolation during the prepubertal period associated with chronic access to palatable diets: effects on plasma lipid profile and liver oxidative stress.
Type 2 diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance are associated with word memory source monitoring recollection deficits but not simple recognition familiarity deficits following water, low glycaemic load, and high glycaemic load breakfasts.
Circulating apelin levels are associated with cardiometabolic risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes.
Myeloid-cell protein tyrosine phosphatase-1B deficiency in mice protects against high-fat diet and lipopolysaccharide-induced inflammation, hyperinsulinemia, and endotoxemia through an IL-10 STAT3-dependent mechanism.
Developmental programming by maternal insulin resistance: hyperinsulinemia, glucose intolerance, and dysregulated lipid metabolism in male offspring of insulin-resistant mice.
Antioxidant and hepatoprotective effect of different extracts of guizhencao (herba bidentis bipinnatae) against liver injury in hyperlipidemia rats.
Cyclodextrins and antioxidants.
High- and low-protein gestation diets do not provoke common transcriptional responses representing universal target-pathways in muscle and liver of porcine progeny.
Effects of combination therapy with vildagliptin and valsartan in a mouse model of type 2 diabetes.
Bitter melon extract attenuating hepatic steatosis may be mediated by FGF21 and AMPK/Sirt1 signaling in mice.
Hypertension exacerbates liver injury and hepatic fibrosis induced by a choline-deficient L-amino acid-defined diet in rats.
The role of the transcription factor ETV5 in insulin exocytosis.
Omega-3 PUFA supplementation and the response to evoked endotoxemia in healthy volunteers.
Effects of deep frying on proximate composition and micronutrient of Indian mackerel (Rastrelliger kanagurta), eel (Monopterus albus) and cockle (Anadara granosa).
A2B adenosine receptors prevent insulin resistance by inhibiting adipose tissue inflammation via maintaining alternative macrophage activation.
Exenatide treatment for 6 months improves insulin sensitivity in adults with type 1 diabetes.
Blood plasma protein and lipid profile changes in calves during the first week of life.
Hepatic adverse effects of fructose consumption independent of overweight/obesity.
Differential effects of high-carbohydrate and high-fat diets on hepatic lipogenesis in rats.
Effect of vitamin C dietary supplementation in reducing the alterations induced by fenitrothion in Oreochromis niloticus.
Increased allocation of adult-acquired carbohydrate to egg production results in its decreased allocation to sex pheromone production in mated females of the moth Heliothis virescens.
Regulation of muscle pyruvate dehydrogenase complex in insulin resistance: effects of exercise and dichloroacetate.
[Long-term effects of mild hyperglycemia exposure in utero and postnatal high fat diet on body weight and lipid metabolism in rat offsprings].
Meat intake increases risk of weight gain in women: a prospective cohort investigation.
Where are kids getting their empty calories? Stores, schools, and fast-food restaurants each played an important role in empty calorie intake among US children during 2009-2010.
Carbohydrate intake and refined-grain consumption are associated with metabolic syndrome in the Korean adult population.
Fucosylated chondroitin sulfate from sea cucumber in combination with rosiglitazone improved glucose metabolism in the liver of the insulin-resistant mice.
Aldosterone aggravates glucose intolerance induced by high fructose.
Normal physical activity obliterates the deleterious effects of a high-caloric intake.
Acceleration of biliary cholesterol secretion restores glycemic control and alleviates hypertriglyceridemia in obese db/db mice.
Macronutrient composition and sodium intake of diet are associated with risk of metabolic syndrome and hypertension in Korean women.
Sedentary time and markers of chronic low-grade inflammation in a high risk population.
Perforin and granzyme B have separate and distinct roles during atherosclerotic plaque development in apolipoprotein E knockout mice.
Antidepressants relevant to oral and maxillofacial surgical practice.
[Lifestyle modifications for treatment of hypertriglyceridemia].
Relationship of body compositional and nutritional parameters with blood pressure in adults.
Effects of feed additives on rumen and blood profiles during a starch and fructose challenge.
Accuracy and precision of total mixed rations fed on commercial dairy farms.
Influence of supplemental vitamin C on postmortem protein degradation and fatty acid profiles of the longissimus thoracis of steers fed varying concentrations of dietary sulfur.
Preference for high-fat diet is developed by young Swiss CD1 mice after short-term feeding and is prevented by NMDA receptor antagonists.
Ceramides and glucosylceramides are independent antagonists of insulin signaling.
Reshaping the gut microbiota at an early age: functional impact on obesity risk?
Gut microbiota-based translational biomarkers to prevent metabolic syndrome via nutritional modulation.
Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, e-selectin and C-reactive protein levels in response to 4-week very-high-fructose or -glucose diets.
Vitamin B12: one carbon metabolism, fetal growth and programming for chronic disease.
Alpha-linolenic acid intake prevents endothelial dysfunction in high-fat diet-fed streptozotocin rats and underlying mechanisms.
Genetic disruption of protein phosphatase 5 in mice prevents high-fat diet feeding-induced weight gain.
The quality of periconception medical care in women with diabetes needs improvement.
Paradoxical resistance to high-fat diet-induced obesity and altered macrophage polarization in mineralocorticoid receptor-overexpressing mice.
Dietary iron enhances colonic inflammation and IL-6/IL-11-Stat3 signaling promoting colonic tumor development in mice.
Ketogenic diet improves forelimb motor function after spinal cord injury in rodents.
Cognitive performance of Göttingen minipigs is affected by diet in a spatial hole-board discrimination test.
[Islet transplantation as a treatment for complications of type I diabetes].
Improved diabetes screening using an extended predictive feature search.
Inhibitory effects of sweet cherry anthocyanins on the obesity development in C57BL/6 mice.
Obesity-related inflammation: implications for older adults.
Dose response of whey protein isolate in addition to a typical mixed meal on blood amino acids and hormonal concentrations.
High-fat diet induces site-specific unresponsiveness to LPS-stimulated STAT3 activation in the hypothalamus.
Optimizing intramuscular adaptations to aerobic exercise: effects of carbohydrate restriction and protein supplementation on mitochondrial biogenesis.
The metabolic and endocrine response and health implications of consuming sugar-sweetened beverages: findings from recent randomized controlled trials.
Effects of repeated consumption on sensory-enhanced satiety.
Rice and noodle consumption is associated with insulin resistance and hyperglycaemia in an Asian population.
Diets high in fermentable protein and fibre alter tight junction protein composition with minor effects on barrier function in piglet colon.
Dietary pyrroloquinoline quinone (PQQ) alters indicators of inflammation and mitochondrial-related metabolism in human subjects.
Effect of phase-feeding crude protein on performance and carcass characteristics of crossbred beef bulls: an application to reduce nitrogen compounds in beef cattle diets.
The content of fluoride, calcium and magnesium in the hair of young men of the Bantu language group from Tanzania versus social conditioning.
Functional and muscular adaptations in an experimental model for isometric strength training in mice.
Lifelong obesity in a polygenic mouse model prevents age- and diet-induced glucose intolerance- obesity is no road to late-onset diabetes in mice.
High-fat diet reduces the formation of butyrate, but increases succinate, inflammation, liver fat and cholesterol in rats, while dietary fibre counteracts these effects.
Protective effect of Psidium guajava leaf extract on altered carbohydrate metabolism in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Monosodium glutamate intake is inversely related to the risk of hyperglycemia.
Metabolic response to a glucagon challenge varies with adiposity and life-history stage in fasting northern elephant seals.
Intrauterine metabolic programming alteration increased susceptibility to non-alcoholic adult fatty liver disease in prenatal caffeine-exposed rat offspring.
Application of dairy proteins as technological and nutritional improvers of calcium-supplemented gluten-free bread.
Dietary nitrate and nitrite intake and risk of colorectal cancer in the Shanghai Women's Health Study.
Noninvasive in vivo magnetic resonance measures of glutathione synthesis in human and rat liver as an oxidative stress biomarker.
Endurance training increases leptin expression in the retroperitoneal adipose tissue of rats fed with a high-sugar diet.
Changes in phenolic acid content during dry-grind processing of corn into ethanol and DDGS.
Effects of exercise intensity on postprandial improvement in glucose disposal and insulin sensitivity in prediabetic adults.
Effects of dietary eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) supplementation in high-fat fed mice on lipid metabolism and apelin/APJ system in skeletal muscle.
Appropriate body mass index and waist circumference cutoffs for categorization of overweight and central adiposity among Uighur adults in Xinjiang.
Low glycaemic index diet reduces seizure susceptibility in a syndrome-specific mouse model of generalized epilepsy.
Could capsaicinoids help to support weight management? A systematic review and meta-analysis of energy intake data.
Effect of an intervention to improve the cardiovascular health of family members of patients with coronary artery disease: a randomized trial.
Protective effects of a nicotinamide derivative, isonicotinamide, against streptozotocin-induced β-cell damage and diabetes in mice.
Endogenous hydrogen sulfide protects pancreatic beta-cells from a high-fat diet-induced glucotoxicity and prevents the development of type 2 diabetes.
Short term and dosage influences of palm based medium- and long-chain triacylglycerols on body fat and blood parameters in C57BL/6J mice.
AAV-mediated liver-specific MPV17 expression restores mtDNA levels and prevents diet-induced liver failure.
TCTP is essential for β-cell proliferation and mass expansion during development and β-cell adaptation in response to insulin resistance.
Reduced-calorie avocado paste attenuates metabolic factors associated with a hypercholesterolemic-high fructose diet in rats.
Effects of traditional Chinese medicine on rats with Type II diabetes induced by high-fat diet and streptozotocin: a urine metabonomic study.
Non-nutritional effects of food: an underutilized and understudied therapeutic tool in chronic gastrointestinal diseases.
Biochemical efficacy of vitamin D in ameliorating endocrine and metabolic disorders in diabetic rats.
High-fat-fed obese glutathione peroxidase 1-deficient mice exhibit defective insulin secretion but protection from hepatic steatosis and liver damage.
Effect of a high-fat--high-fructose diet, stress and cinnamon on central expression of genes related to immune system, hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenocortical axis function and cerebral plasticity in rats.
Effects of early-life exposure to Western diet and wheel access on metabolic syndrome profiles in mice bred for high voluntary exercise.
Mixed lineage kinase 3 deficient mice are protected against the high fat high carbohydrate diet-induced steatohepatitis.
The impact of different fructose loads on insulin sensitivity, inflammation, and PSA-NCAM-mediated plasticity in the hippocampus of fructose-fed male rats.
Rapid development of atherosclerosis in the world's smallest Microminipig fed a high-fat/high-cholesterol diet.
Coffee consumption attenuates short-term fructose-induced liver insulin resistance in healthy men.
Myofibrillar muscle protein synthesis rates subsequent to a meal in response to increasing doses of whey protein at rest and after resistance exercise.
Diets high in heat-treated soybean meal reduce the histamine-induced epithelial response in the colon of weaned piglets and increase epithelial catabolism of histamine.
The therapeutic potential and mechanisms of action of quercetin in relation to lipopolysaccharide-induced sepsis in vitro and in vivo.
Curcuma longa extract associated with white pepper lessens high fat diet-induced inflammation in subcutaneous adipose tissue.
Antidiabetic potential of commonly consumed legumes: a review.
ADAMTS13 modulates atherosclerotic plaque progression in mice via a VWF-dependent mechanism.
A pilot, randomized controlled trial to examine the health outcomes of raisin consumption in patients with diabetes.
Diets and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: the good and the bad.
Exposure to a high-fat high-sugar diet causes strong up-regulation of proopiomelanocortin and differentially affects dopamine D1 and D2 receptor gene expression in the brainstem of rats.
The effect of LXRα, ChREBP and Elovl6 in liver and white adipose tissue on medium- and long-chain fatty acid diet-induced insulin resistance.
Aerobic plus resistance training improves bone metabolism and inflammation in adolescents who are obese.
Oats in the diet of children with celiac disease: preliminary results of a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled multicenter Italian study.
Effect of (+)-catechin hydrate on oxidative stress induced by high sucrose and high fat diet in male Wistar rats.
Maternal obesity impairs brain glucose metabolism and neural response to hyperglycemia in male rat offspring.
Taioba (Xanthosoma sagittifolium) leaves: nutrient composition and physiological effects on healthy rats.
High-fructose corn syrup and sucrose have equivalent effects on energy-regulating hormones at normal human consumption levels.
Bone quality and strength are greater in growing male rats fed fructose compared with glucose.
Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) and its split products GLP-1(9-37) and GLP-1(28-37) stabilize atherosclerotic lesions in apoe⁻/⁻ mice.
Desnutrin/ATGL activates PPARδ to promote mitochondrial function for insulin secretion in islet β cells.
Use of dietary feather meal to induce histidine deficiency or imbalance in dairy cows and effects on milk composition.
The anti-inflammation effect of Moutan Cortex on advanced glycation end products-induced rat mesangial cells dysfunction and High-glucose-fat diet and streptozotocin-induced diabetic nephropathy rats.
Neuromedin U receptor 2 knockdown in the paraventricular nucleus modifies behavioral responses to obesogenic high-fat food and leads to increased body weight.
Prenatal nicotine exposure enhances the susceptibility to metabolic syndrome in adult offspring rats fed high-fat diet via alteration of HPA axis-associated neuroendocrine metabolic programming.
Evaluation of D-ribose pharmacokinetics, dose proportionality, food effect, and pharmacodynamics after oral solution administration in healthy male and female subjects.
Effects of dark chocolate and cocoa consumption on endothelial function and arterial stiffness in overweight adults.
Prenatal ethanol exposure programs an increased susceptibility of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in female adult offspring rats.
Cholesterol sulfate and cholesterol sulfotransferase inhibit gluconeogenesis by targeting hepatocyte nuclear factor 4α.
Genotypic variation in tomatoes affecting processing and antioxidant attributes.
Purple sweet potato colour--a potential therapy for galactosemia?
CD36-deficient mice are resistant to alcohol- and high-carbohydrate-induced hepatic steatosis.
Preexercise carbohydrate feeding and high-intensity exercise capacity: effects of timing of intake and carbohydrate concentration.
Preliminary insights into the impact of dietary starch on the ciliate, Neobalantidium coli, in captive chimpanzees.
Postprandial glucose and NF-κB responses are regulated differently by monounsaturated fatty acid and dietary fiber in impaired fasting glucose subjects.
Vitamin C intake, circulating vitamin C and risk of stroke: a meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Bioactive constituents from 'triguero' asparagus improve the plasma lipid profile and liver antioxidant status in hypercholesterolemic rats.
Leucine supplementation of a low-protein mixed macronutrient beverage enhances myofibrillar protein synthesis in young men: a double-blind, randomized trial.
Calcium homeostasis and bone metabolic responses to high-protein diets during energy deficit in healthy young adults: a randomized controlled trial.
Effect of linseed oil and macadamia oil on metabolic changes induced by high-fat diet in mice.
A refined-JinQi-JiangTang tablet ameliorates prediabetes by reducing insulin resistance and improving beta cell function in mice.
Disturbances in cholesterol, bile acid and glucose metabolism in peroxisomal 3-ketoacylCoA thiolase B deficient mice fed diets containing high or low fat contents.
Diuretics prevent thiazolidinedione-induced cardiac hypertrophy without compromising insulin-sensitizing effects in mice.
[High protein intake or many carbohydrates for weight loss?].
Atypical antipsychotics such as risperidone, but not paliperidone, worsen vascular endothelial function via upregulation of adhesion molecules VCAM-1, ICAM-1, and E-selectin in diabetic rats.
Determinants of plasma triglyceride levels in a multiethnic working class Caribbean population: effect of ethnicity, diet and obesity.
Study of serum insulin levels in patients of euglycemic essential hypertension: a cross sectional study in North Indian population.
Today's and yesterday's of pathophysiology: biochemistry of metabolic syndrome and animal models.
Moderate replacement of carbohydrates by dietary fats affects features of metabolic syndrome: a randomized crossover clinical trial.
Subsarcolemmal and intermyofibrillar mitochondrial responses to short-term high-fat feeding in rat skeletal muscle.
Effect of soy product kinako and fish oil on serum lipids and glucose metabolism in women with metabolic syndrome.
Genetic susceptibility, dietary antioxidants, and long-term incidence of age-related macular degeneration in two populations.
Dietary patterns and risk of urinary tract tumors: a multilevel analysis of individuals in rural and urban contexts.
The effects of L-arginine, alone and combined with vitamin C, on mineral status in relation to its antidiabetic, anti-inflammatory, and antioxidant properties in male rats on a high-fat diet.
A cluster-randomized controlled trial to study the effectiveness of a protocol-based lifestyle program to prevent type 2 diabetes in people with impaired fasting glucose.
Determination of bile acids by hollow fibre liquid-phase microextraction coupled with gas chromatography.
Dietary patterns in Asian Indians in the United States: an analysis of the metabolic syndrome and atherosclerosis in South Asians Living in America study.
Corrective effects of acerola (Malpighia emarginata DC.) juice intake on biochemical and genotoxical parameters in mice fed on a high-fat diet.
The proton-activated receptor GPR4 modulates glucose homeostasis by increasing insulin sensitivity.
Anti-diabetic activity of cassava cross-linked octenyl succinic maltodextrin in STZ-induced diabetic mice.
Effect of orally administered hydroxypropyl chitosan on the levels of iron, copper, zinc and calcium in mice.
Does dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibition prevent the diabetogenic effects of glucocorticoids in men with the metabolic syndrome? A randomized controlled trial.
The SIRT1 deacetylase protects mice against the symptoms of metabolic syndrome.
Impact of Roux-en-Y gastric bypass on metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance parameters.
Sugar administration to newly emerged Aedes albopictus males increases their survival probability and mating performance.
Identification of metabolically active bacteria in the gut of the generalist Spodoptera littoralis via DNA stable isotope probing using 13C-glucose.
Hypothalamic astroglial connexins are required for brain glucose sensing-induced insulin secretion.
Dietary factors modulate Helicobacter-associated gastric cancer in rodent models.
Defective adipose lipolysis and altered global energy metabolism in mice with adipose overexpression of the lipolytic inhibitor G0/G1 switch gene 2 (G0S2).
[Relationship between dietary glycemic index and glycemic load and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in elderly].
Alveolar wound healing in rats fed on high sucrose diet.
Ventricular remodelling in rabbits with sustained high-fat diet.
Adult cranberry beverage consumers have healthier macronutrient intakes and measures of body composition compared to non-consumers: National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2005-2008.
Attenuated dopaminergic tone in the paraventricular nucleus contributing to sympathoexcitation in rats with Type 2 diabetes.
The effects of pectins on life span and stress resistance in Drosophila melanogaster.
Effects of excessive energy intake and supplementation with chromium propionate on insulin resistance parameters in nonlactating dairy cows.
Matrix metalloproteinase 9 opposes diet-induced muscle insulin resistance in mice.
Metabolic features of rats resistant to a high-fat diet.
Indicaxanthin from cactus pear fruit exerts anti-inflammatory effects in carrageenin-induced rat pleurisy.
High-resolution time-of-flight mass spectrometry fingerprinting of metabolites from cecum and distal colon contents of rats fed resistant starch.
Age differences in the risk of diabetes incidence according to body mass index level in Japanese women.
Autonomic function is not associated with the incidence of type 2 diabetes in a high-risk population: the Hoorn study.
Protective effect of total flavonoids extracted from the leaves of Murraya paniculata (L.) Jack on diabetic nephropathy in rats.
Hydroethanolic extract of Pyrostegia venusta (Ker Gawl.) Miers flowers improves inflammatory and metabolic dysfunction induced by high-refined carbohydrate diet.
Short exposure to a diet rich in both fat and sugar or sugar alone impairs place, but not object recognition memory in rats.
Enhancement of brown fat thermogenesis using chenodeoxycholic acid in mice.
Effect of a diet and physical activity intervention on body weight and nutritional patterns in overweight and obese breast cancer survivors.
Post-weaning diet affects faecal microbial composition but not selected adipose gene expression in the cat (Felis catus).
Extracts of Rhizoma polygonati odorati prevent high-fat diet-induced metabolic disorders in C57BL/6 mice.
Enteric neuropathy can be induced by high fat diet in vivo and palmitic acid exposure in vitro.
Pro-inflammatory activated Kupffer cells by lipids induce hepatic NKT cells deficiency through activation-induced cell death.
Variations in the efficacy of resistant maltodextrin on body fat reduction in rats fed different high-fat models.
Pre-natal undernutrition and post-natal overnutrition are associated with permanent changes in hepatic metabolism markers and fatty acid composition in sheep.
Heart energy metabolism impairment in Western-diet induced obese mice.
Nicotinamide improves glucose metabolism and affects the hepatic NAD-sirtuin pathway in a rodent model of obesity and type 2 diabetes.
Effects of a Lactobacillus paracasei B21060 based synbiotic on steatosis, insulin signaling and toll-like receptor expression in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Hydroxytyrosol prevents diet-induced metabolic syndrome and attenuates mitochondrial abnormalities in obese mice.
Effects of a novel MC4R agonist on maintenance of reduced body weight in diet-induced obese mice.
Relationship between raised BMI and sugar sweetened beverage and high fat food consumption among children.
Are bedtime nutritional strategies effective in preventing nocturnal hypoglycaemia in patients with type 1 diabetes?
[Compound nutrients promote liver rehabilitation and regeneration in rats with CCl4;-induced liver cirrhosis].
Dietary fructose enhances the incidence of precancerous hepatocytes induced by administration of diethylnitrosamine in rat.
Soda consumption during ad libitum food intake predicts weight change.
Determinants of the transition from a cardiometabolic normal to abnormal overweight/obese phenotype in a Spanish population.
Pivotal role of NOD2 in inflammatory processes affecting atherosclerosis and periodontal bone loss.
Characterisation of age-dependent beta cell dynamics in the male db/db mice.
Nutrigenomics of high fat diet induced obesity in mice suggests relationships between susceptibility to fatty liver disease and the proteasome.
Nutritional assessment in Polish men with cardiovascular diseases.
Nutritional assessment of selected patients with cancer.
[The association study of the LIPC -250g/A polymorphism and high-carbohydrate/low-fat diet induced serum lipid and apolipoprotein concentration changes in healthy youth].
[Effects of an insertion/deletion polymorphism of angiotensin converting enzyme gene on the changes of serum lipid ratios and blood pressure induced by a high-carbohydrate and low-fat diet].
Dietary patterns and prostate cancer risk: report from the population based ULSAM cohort study of Swedish men.
The expression and secretion of vimentin in the progression of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Association of C-reactive protein levels with fasting and postload glucose levels according to glucose tolerance status.
Estradiol in vivo induces changes in cardiomyocytes size in obese rats.
Developmental effects of dietary nucleotides in second-generation weaned rats.
[Effects of antihistamine treatment on immune function in rats with experimental hepatitis].
Mini review on fructose metabolism.
Beneficial effects of Chlorella on glucose and lipid metabolism in obese rodents on a high-fat diet.
Metabolic syndrome components are associated with DNA hypomethylation.
Reducing iron in the brain: a novel pharmacologic mechanism of huperzine A in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Oligofructose-enriched inulin improves some inflammatory markers and metabolic endotoxemia in women with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a randomized controlled clinical trial.
Chlorella modulates insulin signaling pathway and prevents high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance in mice.
Cnidoscolus chayamansa Mc Vaugh, an important antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and cardioprotective plant used in Mexico.
Nervous glucose sensing regulates postnatal β cell proliferation and glucose homeostasis.
Hyperphosphorylation of tau protein in hippocampus of central insulin-resistant rats is associated with cognitive impairment.
Xylitol affects the intestinal microbiota and metabolism of daidzein in adult male mice.
Intakes of anthocyanins and flavones are associated with biomarkers of insulin resistance and inflammation in women.
Impaired glucose tolerance in low-carbohydrate diet: maybe only a physiological state.
Selenium‑enriched exopolysaccharides produced by Enterobacter cloacae Z0206 alleviate adipose inflammation in diabetic KKAy mice through the AMPK/SirT1 pathway.
Exendin-4 is effective against metabolic disorders induced by intrauterine and postnatal overnutrition in rodents.
The role of quantitative changes in the epxression of insulin receptor substrate-1 and nuclear ubiquitin in abnormal glycometabolism in the livers of KKay mice and the relative therapeutic mechanisms of Astragalus polysaccharide.
Lack of platelet-activating factor receptor protects mice against diet-induced adipose inflammation and insulin-resistance despite fat pad expansion.
Aldose reductase inhibitor counteracts the enhanced expression of matrix metalloproteinase-10 and improves corneal wound healing in galactose-fed rats.
Mice deficient in Sfrp1 exhibit increased adiposity, dysregulated glucose metabolism, and enhanced macrophage infiltration.
Site distribution at the edge of the palaeolithic world: a nutritional niche approach.
Sugars increase non-heme iron bioavailability in human epithelial intestinal and liver cells.
Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the Republic of Kosovo: a retrospective pilot study.
China in the period of transition from scarcity and extensive undernutrition to emerging nutrition-related non-communicable diseases, 1949-1992.
The emergence of cardiometabolic disease risk in Chinese children and adults: consequences of changes in diet, physical activity and obesity.
Effect of substituting brown rice for corn on lactation and digestion in dairy cows fed diets with a high proportion of grain.
The limited effect of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on cardiovascular risk in patients with impaired glucose metabolism: a meta-analysis.
Diets high in total antioxidant capacity improve risk biomarkers of cardiovascular disease: a 9-month observational study among overweight/obese postmenopausal women.
Effects of chronic stress and high-fat diet on metabolic and nutritional parameters in Wistar rats.
Functional and morphological effects of grape seed proanthocyanidins on peripheral neuropathy in rats with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Association of fasting glucose with subclinical cerebrovascular disease in older adults without Type 2 diabetes.
Strawberry as a functional food: an evidence-based review.
Non-nutritive sweeteners: evidence for benefit vs. risk.
Restricted access to standard or high fat chow alters sensitivity of rats to the 5-HT(2A/2C) receptor agonist 1-(2,5-dimethoxy-4-methylphenyl)-2-aminopropane.
[Food consumption and dietary factors involved in health and disease in Nikkeis: systematic review].
High density lipoproteins improve insulin sensitivity in high-fat diet-fed mice by suppressing hepatic inflammation.
The effect of Chinese medicine Pu-Ren-Dan on pancreatic angiogenesis in high fat diet/streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
A global in vivo Drosophila RNAi screen identifies a key role of ceramide phosphoethanolamine for glial ensheathment of axons.
Normal glucose metabolism in carnivores overlaps with diabetes pathology in non-carnivores.
Eucommia ulmoides Oliver extract, aucubin, and geniposide enhance lysosomal activity to regulate ER stress and hepatic lipid accumulation.
Impact of a combined high cholesterol diet and high glucose environment on vasculature.
Inflammation but not dietary macronutrients insufficiency associated with the malnutrition-inflammation score in hemodialysis population.
Cinnamon counteracts the negative effects of a high fat/high fructose diet on behavior, brain insulin signaling and Alzheimer-associated changes.
Cardiovascular health metrics and all-cause and cardiovascular disease mortality among middle-aged men in Korea: the Seoul male cohort study.
Efficacy of dietary modification following the National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) recommendation on lipid profiles among hyperlipidemia subjects.
Effects of rapeseed and soybean oil dietary supplementation on bovine fat metabolism, fatty acid composition and cholesterol levels in milk.
Maternal methyl donors supplementation during lactation prevents the hyperhomocysteinemia induced by a high-fat-sucrose intake by dams.
Pregnancy and Glycemic Index Outcomes study: effects of low glycemic index compared with conventional dietary advice on selected pregnancy outcomes.
Long term successful weight loss with a combination biphasic ketogenic Mediterranean diet and Mediterranean diet maintenance protocol.
Nlrp3 is a key modulator of diet-induced nephropathy and renal cholesterol accumulation.
Effect of diet on type 2 diabetes mellitus: a review.
Failure of homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance to detect marked diet-induced insulin resistance in dogs.
Glycemic load is associated with oxidative stress among prevalent maintenance hemodialysis patients.
Dietary flavonoids from modified apple reduce inflammation markers and modulate gut microbiota in mice.
Low and high dietary protein:carbohydrate ratios during pregnancy affect materno-fetal glucose metabolism in pigs.
Beneficial effect of betulinic acid on hyperglycemia via suppression of hepatic glucose production.
Ethnic disparities in the association of impaired fasting glucose with the 10-year cumulative incidence of type 2 diabetes.
The glucose and lipid effects of colesevelam as monotherapy in drug-naïve type 2 diabetes.
Mediterranean diet and type 2 diabetes.
Dietary fructose intolerance, fructan intolerance and FODMAPs.
Macrophage-mediated glucolipotoxicity via myeloid-related protein 8/toll-like receptor 4 signaling in diabetic nephropathy.
Epilepsy and electrophysiological findings in polish twins with glycogenosis type IIIb.
A 5-day high-fat, high-calorie diet impairs insulin sensitivity in healthy, young South Asian men but not in Caucasian men.
Tolerance for nutrient imbalance in an intermittently feeding herbivorous cricket, the Wellington tree weta.
[Therapeutic effects of gegen qinlian decoction and its mechanism of action on type 2 diabetic rats].
Dietary composition and spatial patterns of polar bear foraging on land in western Hudson Bay.
Effects of Korean red ginseng supplementation on muscle glucose uptake in high-fat fed rats.
Diet patterns, adipokines, and metabolism: where are we and what is next?
Jejunal leptin-PI3K signaling lowers glucose production.
Shrimp that have received carrageenan via immersion and diet exhibit immunocompetence in phagocytosis despite a post-plateau in immune parameters.
Pre-diabetes alters testicular PGC1-α/SIRT3 axis modulating mitochondrial bioenergetics and oxidative stress.
Role of pregnane X receptor in obesity and glucose homeostasis in male mice.
Glucose overload in yolk has little effect on the long-term modulation of carbohydrate metabolic genes in zebrafish (Danio rerio).
Low-carbohydrate, high-protein, high-fat diet alters small peripheral artery reactivity in metabolic syndrome patients.
Antiobesity Effects of an Edible Halophyte Nitraria retusa Forssk in 3T3-L1 Preadipocyte Differentiation and in C57B6J/L Mice Fed a High Fat Diet-Induced Obesity.
Hypolipidemic effect of the Chinese polyherbal Huanglian Jiedu decoction in type 2 diabetic rats and its possible mechanism.
Androgen-deprivation therapy and metabolic syndrome in men with prostate cancer.
Extra-virgin olive oil diet and mild physical activity prevent cartilage degeneration in an osteoarthritis model: an in vivo and in vitro study on lubricin expression.
Ampicillin-improved glucose tolerance in diet-induced obese C57BL/6NTac mice is age dependent.
Effect of fish oil intake on glucose levels in rat prefrontal cortex, as measured by microdialysis.
Impact of weight loss and maintenance with ad libitum diets varying in protein and glycemic index content on metabolic syndrome.
Profile of adults with type 2 diabetes and uptake of clinical care best practices: results from the 2011 Survey on Living with Chronic Diseases in Canada - Diabetes component.
Screening for gestational diabetes mellitus and its prevalence in Bangladesh.
Studies on two polyherbal formulations (ZPTO and ZTO) for comparison of their antidyslipidemic, antihypertensive and endothelial modulating activities.
Dietary glycemic index, glycemic load and incidence of type 2 diabetes in Japanese men and women: the Japan Public Health Center-based Prospective Study.
Concurrent pharmacological modification of cannabinoid-1 and glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor activity affects feeding behavior and body weight in rats fed a free-choice, high-carbohydrate diet.
β-Glucan-supplemented diets increase poly(I:C)-induced gene expression of Mx, possibly via Tlr3-mediated recognition mechanism in common carp (Cyprinus carpio).
Cfh genotype interacts with dietary glycemic index to modulate age-related macular degeneration-like features in mice.
[Prevention of diabetic foot].
Constitutive activation of AMPK α1 in vascular endothelium promotes high-fat diet-induced fatty liver injury: role of COX-2 induction.
A randomized controlled trial comparing the GLP-1 receptor agonist liraglutide to a sulphonylurea as add on to metformin in patients with established type 2 diabetes during Ramadan: the Treat 4 Ramadan Trial.
Enhanced skeletal muscle for effective glucose homeostasis.
Changes to volumetric bone mineral density and bone strength after stroke: a prospective study.
Gestational vitamin A deficiency reduces the intestinal immune response by decreasing the number of immune cells in rat offspring.
High protein weight loss diets in obese subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Dietary factors associated with metabolic risk score in Finnish children aged 6-8 years: the PANIC study.
Effect of dietary forage sources on rumen microbiota, rumen fermentation and biogenic amines in dairy cows.
Mesenchymal stem cell therapy ameliorates diabetic hepatocyte damage in mice by inhibiting infiltration of bone marrow-derived cells.
Evaluation of mitochondrial divisions in mouse with type-2 diabetes and effect of glucose-oxidase on mouse islet cells RIN-m5F.
Long-term effects of subacute ruminal acidosis (SARA) on milk quality and hepatic gene expression in lactating goats fed a high-concentrate diet.
COH-SR4 reduces body weight, improves glycemic control and prevents hepatic steatosis in high fat diet-induced obese mice.
Effects of pistachio nuts on body composition, metabolic, inflammatory and oxidative stress parameters in Asian Indians with metabolic syndrome: a 24-wk, randomized control trial.
R-α lipoic acid γ-cyclodextrin complex increases energy expenditure: a 4-month feeding study in mice.
Urea-N recycling in lactating dairy cows fed diets with 2 different levels of dietary crude protein and starch with or without monensin.
Impact of a very low-energy diet on the fecal microbiota of obese individuals.
Study of CRTC2 pharmacology using antisense oligonuceotides.
Ameliorating effect and potential mechanism of Rehmannia glutinosa oligosaccharides on the impaired glucose metabolism in chronic stress rats fed with high-fat diet.
Overexpression of Jazf1 reduces body weight gain and regulates lipid metabolism in high fat diet.
Urinary isoflavone concentrations are inversely associated with cardiometabolic risk markers in pregnant U.S. women.
Atherogenic dyslipidemia.
Cross-cultural validity of a dietary questionnaire for studies of dental caries risk in Japanese.
Efficacy and safety of ETC-1002, a novel investigational low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol-lowering therapy for the treatment of patients with hypercholesterolemia and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Fatty acid nitroalkenes ameliorate glucose intolerance and pulmonary hypertension in high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Chanarin-dorfman syndrome with multi-system involvement in two siblings.
A tripeptide Diapin effectively lowers blood glucose levels in male type 2 diabetes mice by increasing blood levels of insulin and GLP-1.
Different measurements of waist circumference and sagittal abdominal diameter and their relationship with cardiometabolic risk factors in elderly men.
Impact of diet on human intestinal microbiota and health.
Chitosan-zinc chelate improves intestinal structure and mucosal function and decreases apoptosis in ileal mucosal epithelial cells in weaned pigs.
The results of Look AHEAD do not row against the implementation of lifestyle changes in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Voglibose administration regulates body weight and energy intake in high fat-induced obese mice.
Hepatic inflammation induced by high-fructose diet is associated with altered 11βHSD1 expression in the liver of Wistar rats.
Hormonal imbalance and disturbances in carbohydrate metabolism associated with chronic feeding of high sucrose low magnesium diet in weanling male wistar rats.
Cytotoxic and mutagenic effects of iodine-131 and radioprotection of acerola (Malpighia glabra L.) and beta-carotene in vitro.
Implementing a low-starch biscuit-free diet in zoo gorillas: the impact on behavior.
Nesfatin-1 stimulates fatty-acid oxidation by activating AMP-activated protein kinase in STZ-induced type 2 diabetic mice.
Characterization of the core rumen microbiome in cattle during transition from forage to concentrate as well as during and after an acidotic challenge.
Milk production and enteric methane emissions by dairy cows grazing fertilized perennial ryegrass pasture with or without inclusion of white clover.
The Mediterranean diet and nutritional adequacy: a review.
Effect of varying dietary starch and fiber levels and inoculum source (mule deer vs. dairy cow) on simulated rumen fermentation characteristics.
Earliest evidence for caries and exploitation of starchy plant foods in Pleistocene hunter-gatherers from Morocco.
[Evidences from J-EDIT for diabetes mellitus in the elderly].
Arginine, soy isoflavone and hydroxypropylmethylcellulose have protective effects against obesity in broiler breeder hens fed on high-energy diets.
Impaired lipid and glucose homeostasis in hexabromocyclododecane-exposed mice fed a high-fat diet.
Long-term ketogenic diet causes glucose intolerance and reduced β- and α-cell mass but no weight loss in mice.
A study of the dietary intake of Cypriot children and adolescents aged 6-18 years and the association of mother's educational status and children's weight status on adherence to nutritional recommendations.
Effect of fructose on postprandial triglycerides: a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled feeding trials.
Low muscle mass in older men: the role of lifestyle, diet and cardiovascular risk factors.
β-Sitosterol attenuates high-fat diet-induced intestinal inflammation in mice by inhibiting the binding of lipopolysaccharide to toll-like receptor 4 in the NF-κB pathway.
Prevalence of diabetes in people aged ≥ 30 years: the results of screen-ing program of Yazd Province, Iran, in 2012.
Nandrolone decanoate inhibits gluconeogenesis and decreases fasting glucose in Wistar male rats.
Prevalence of dental caries and treatment needs in children in coastal areas of West Bengal.
Silymarin induces insulin resistance through an increase of phosphatase and tensin homolog in Wistar rats.
One-month strawberry-rich anthocyanin supplementation ameliorates cardiovascular risk, oxidative stress markers and platelet activation in humans.
Effect of sitagliptin treatment on metabolism and cardiac function in genetic diabetic mice.
Dietary intake by Dutch 1- to 3-year-old children at childcare and at home.
Antihyperlipidemic effects of stilbenoids isolated from Morus alba in rats fed a high-cholesterol diet.
The role of oxidative stress and inflammatory response in high-fat diet induced peripheral neuropathy.
Anthocyanin profiles and biological properties of caneberry (Rubus spp.) press residues.
Effect of Semecaprus anacardium on diabetes-induced alterations in the activities of marker enzymes and antioxidant enzymes in type 2 diabetes induced cardiac vascular damage model in rats.
Iridoid glycoside from the leaves of Clerodendrum volubile beauv. shows potent antioxidant activity against oxidative stress in rat brain and hepatic tissues.
The probiotic Lactobacillus coryniformis CECT5711 reduces the vascular pro-oxidant and pro-inflammatory status in obese mice.
A preliminary report on oral fat tolerance test in rhesus monkeys.
Mammalian target of rapamycin hyperactivity mediates the detrimental effects of a high sucrose diet on Alzheimer's disease pathology.
Dietary thylakoids suppress blood glucose and modulate appetite-regulating hormones in pigs exposed to oral glucose tolerance test.
Naringenin inhibits α-glucosidase activity: a promising strategy for the regulation of postprandial hyperglycemia in high fat diet fed streptozotocin induced diabetic rats.
CD36- and GPR120-mediated Ca²⁺ signaling in human taste bud cells mediates differential responses to fatty acids and is altered in obese mice.
Altered inflammatory responses to Citrobacter rodentium infection, but not bacterial lipopolysaccharide, in mice lacking the Cyp4a10 or Cyp4a14 genes.
Supplementary chromium(III) propionate complex does not protect against insulin resistance in high-fat-fed rats.
The association between fasting hypoglycemia and methylated mercaptopurine metabolites in children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Deleted in breast cancer 1 (DBC1) protein regulates hepatic gluconeogenesis.
Dietary glycemic index, but not glycemic load, is positively associated with serum homocysteine concentration in free-living young Japanese women.
Intake of milk, but not total dairy, yogurt, or cheese, is negatively associated with the clustering of cardiometabolic risk factors in adolescents.
Decreased consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages improved selected biomarkers of chronic disease risk among US adults: 1999 to 2010.
Effects of feeding a high-fiber byproduct feedstuff as a substitute for barley grain on rumen fermentation and productivity of dairy cows in early lactation.
Long-term dietary sodium restriction increases adiponectin expression and ameliorates the proinflammatory adipokine profile in obesity.
Effects of eugenol on hepatic glucose production and AMPK signaling pathway in hepatocytes and C57BL/6J mice.
Trehalose prevents adipocyte hypertrophy and mitigates insulin resistance in mice with established obesity.
[First trimester fasting glycemia and risk factors of pregnant women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus].
Implementing a low-starch biscuit-free diet in zoo gorillas: the impact on health.
Optimization of brain penetrant 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type I inhibitors and in vivo testing in diet-induced obese mice.
A pragmatic cluster randomized clinical trial of diabetes prevention strategies for women with gestational diabetes: design and rationale of the Gestational Diabetes' Effects on Moms (GEM) study.
Determination of the centesimal composition and characterization of flours from fruit seeds.
Obese father's metabolic state, adiposity, and reproductive capacity indicate son's reproductive health.
Metabolic effects of a high-fat diet post-weaning after low maternal dietary folate during pregnancy and lactation.
Deficiency of the sialyltransferase St3Gal4 reduces Ccl5-mediated myeloid cell recruitment and arrest: short communication.
Adiposity and fat metabolism in lactating and fasting northern elephant seals.
IL-1β hampers glucose-stimulated insulin secretion in Cohen diabetic rat islets through mitochondrial cytochrome c oxidase inhibition by nitric oxide.
A multigrain protein enriched diet mitigates fluoride toxicity.
Preventative effect of Zingiber officinale on insulin resistance in a high-fat high-carbohydrate diet-fed rat model and its mechanism of action.
Activating HSP72 in rodent skeletal muscle increases mitochondrial number and oxidative capacity and decreases insulin resistance.
A carbohydrate-rich diet increases social immunity in ants.
Dietary flavonoids modulate CYP2C to improve drug oral bioavailability and their qualitative/quantitative structure-activity relationship.
[Evaluation of calcium dobesilate for its anti-cataract potential in experimental rat models].
Calories, carbohydrates, and cancer therapy with radiation: exploiting the five R's through dietary manipulation.
N-3 long-chain PUFA supplementation prevents high fat diet induced mouse liver steatosis and inflammation in relation to PPAR-α upregulation and NF-κB DNA binding abrogation.
Dissociation of hepatic insulin resistance from susceptibility of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease induced by a high-fat and high-carbohydrate diet in mice.
Mutandabota, a food product from Zimbabwe: processing, composition, and socioeconomic aspects.
An accelerated mouse model for atherosclerosis and adipose tissue inflammation.
Effect of aerobic exercise and low carbohydrate diet on pre-diabetic non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in postmenopausal women and middle aged men--the role of gut microbiota composition: study protocol for the AELC randomized controlled trial.
Effect of simvastatin on the expression of farnesoid X receptor in diabetic animal models of altered glucose homeostasis.
Increased expression of oxidative enzymes in adipose tissue following PPARα-activation.
The effect of an exogenous protease on the fermentation and nutritive value of high-moisture corn.
Asiatic acid alleviates hemodynamic and metabolic alterations via restoring eNOS/iNOS expression, oxidative stress, and inflammation in diet-induced metabolic syndrome rats.
Mfge8 promotes obesity by mediating the uptake of dietary fats and serum fatty acids.
Ramadan fasting ameliorates oxidative stress and improves glycemic control and lipid profile in diabetic patients.
Single injections of apoA-I acutely improve in vivo glucose tolerance in insulin-resistant mice.
Targeting metabolism with a ketogenic diet during the treatment of glioblastoma multiforme.
ABCA1 in adipocytes regulates adipose tissue lipid content, glucose tolerance, and insulin sensitivity.
Piloting 'sodabriety': a school-based intervention to impact sugar-sweetened beverage consumption in rural Appalachian high schools.
Perceptions of tap water and school water fountains and association with intake of plain water and sugar-sweetened beverages.
Analysis of a sample of type 2 diabetic patients with obesity or overweight and at cardiovascular risk: a cross sectional study in Spain.
Effects of rhaponticum carthamoides versus glycyrrhiza glabra and punica granatum extracts on metabolic syndrome signs in rats.
GdCl3 reduces hyperglycaemia through Akt/FoxO1-induced suppression of hepatic gluconeogenesis in Type 2 diabetic mice.
The inflammatory profile and liver damage of a sucrose-rich diet in mice.
Mechanisms and efficacy of dietary FODMAP restriction in IBS.
TNF-α upregulates sclerostin expression in obese mice fed a high-fat diet.
Palmitic acid affects proliferation and differentiation of neural stem cells in vitro.
Spousal protective buffering and type 2 diabetes outcomes.
Amino acid change in the carbohydrate response element binding protein is associated with lower triglycerides and myocardial infarction incidence depending on level of adherence to the Mediterranean diet in the PREDIMED trial.
Accumulation of lipofuscin-like pigments of walnuts (Carya cathayensis) during storage: potential roles of lipid oxidation and non-enzymatic glycosylation.
High vitamin D and calcium intakes reduce diet-induced obesity in mice by increasing adipose tissue apoptosis.
A randomized controlled trial to evaluate the effect of incorporating peanuts into an American Diabetes Association meal plan on the nutrient profile of the total diet and cardiometabolic parameters of adults with type 2 diabetes.
Myostatin induces insulin resistance via Casitas B-lineage lymphoma b (Cblb)-mediated degradation of insulin receptor substrate 1 (IRS1) protein in response to high calorie diet intake.
LT175 is a novel PPARα/γ ligand with potent insulin-sensitizing effects and reduced adipogenic properties.
Ubiquitous transgenic overexpression of C-C chemokine ligand 2: a model to assess the combined effect of high energy intake and continuous low-grade inflammation.
Evaluation of calcium supplementation with algae (Lithothamnion muelleri) on metabolic and inflammatory parameters in mice fed a high refined carbohydrate-containing diet.
Cooked rice inhibits hepatic fat accumulation by regulating lipid metabolism-related gene expression in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Comparison of fasting plasma glucose and haemoglobin A1c point-of-care tests in screening for diabetes and abnormal glucose regulation in a rural low income setting.
Effect of diet on the intestinal microbiota and its activity.
A review of the metabolic effects of controlled-release Phentermine/Topiramate.
Protein supplements: do they alter dietary intakes?
Case study: Muscle atrophy and hypertrophy in a premier league soccer player during rehabilitation from ACL injury.
CNX-012-570, a direct AMPK activator provides strong glycemic and lipid control along with significant reduction in body weight; studies from both diet-induced obese mice and db/db mice models.
Review of nutrient actions on age-related macular degeneration.
Knowledge, perceptions, and behaviors of adults concerning nonalcoholic beverages suggest some lack of comprehension related to sugars.
Cinnamon may have therapeutic benefits on lipid profile, liver enzymes, insulin resistance, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease patients.
Protective effect of diosmin against diabetic neuropathy in experimental rats.
Adaptive regulation of amino acid metabolism on early parenteral lipid and high-dose amino acid administration in VLBW infants - a randomized, controlled trial.
Increased density of inhibitory noradrenergic parenchymal nerve fibers in hypertrophic islets of Langerhans of obese mice.
Electrocardiographic changes associated with insulin resistance.
Managing the manager: gut microbes, stem cells and metabolism.
Evaluation of web-based, self-administered, graphical food frequency questionnaire.
Fasting glycemia: a good predictor of weight loss after RYGB.
Dietary patterns and 1-h post-load glucose in essential hypertension.
Causal effects of body mass index on cardiometabolic traits and events: a Mendelian randomization analysis.
Healthy aging diets other than the Mediterranean: a focus on the Okinawan diet.
Obesity induction with high fat sucrose in rats.
Treatment of obesity with the resveratrol-enriched rice DJ-526.
Performance nutrition guidelines for international rugby sevens tournaments.
Single or combined effects of Lactobacillus sakei and inulin on growth, non-specific immunity and IgM expression in leopard grouper (Mycteroperca rosacea).
Effect of carnosine alone or combined with α-tocopherol on hepatic steatosis and oxidative stress in fructose-induced insulin-resistant rats.
The combined influence of fat consumption and repeated mental stress on brachial artery flow-mediated dilatation: a preliminary study.
Effect of intermittent cold exposure on brown fat activation, obesity, and energy homeostasis in mice.
Sweet taste receptor deficient mice have decreased adiposity and increased bone mass.
High incidence of diabetes after stroke in young adults and risk of recurrent vascular events: the FUTURE study.
Semen cassiae attenuates myocardial ischemia and reperfusion injury in high-fat diet streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetic rats.
Food additive carrageenan: Part II: A critical review of carrageenan in vivo safety studies.
An increase in adenosine-5'-triphosphate (ATP) content in rostral ventrolateral medulla is engaged in the high fructose diet-induced hypertension.
Prenatal stress and stress coping style interact to predict metabolic risk in male rats.
The 5-time point oral glucose tolerance test as a predictor of new-onset diabetes after kidney transplantation.
Food and water security issues in Russia I: food security in the general population of the Russian Arctic, Siberia and the Far East, 2000-2011.
Large pore mesoporous silica induced weight loss in obese mice.
A review of the effects of lunch on adults' short-term cognitive functioning.
High saturated fat and low carbohydrate diet decreases lifespan independent of body weight in mice.
Prenatal ethanol exposure enhances the susceptibility to metabolic syndrome in offspring rats by HPA axis-associated neuroendocrine metabolic programming.
Long term weight maintenance after advice to consume low carbohydrate, higher protein diets--a systematic review and meta analysis.
Beneficial effects of hydro-alcoholic extract of Caralluma fimbriata against high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance and oxidative stress in Wistar male rats.
Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG protects against non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mice.
Flos Lonicera ameliorates obesity and associated endotoxemia in rats through modulation of gut permeability and intestinal microbiota.
Free fatty acids, lipopolysaccharide and IL-1α induce adipocyte manganese superoxide dismutase which is increased in visceral adipose tissues of obese rodents.
To assess the prevalence of impaired glucose tolerance and impaired fasting glucose in Western Indian population.
Drinking orange juice increases total antioxidant status and decreases lipid peroxidation in adults.
Vitamin D status and its relationship with metabolic syndrome risk factors among adolescent girls in Boukan, Iran.
Long-term metabolic benefits of exenatide in mice are mediated solely via the known glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor.
Hypothalamic nesfatin-1/NUCB2 knockdown augments hepatic gluconeogenesis that is correlated with inhibition of mTOR-STAT3 signaling pathway in rats.
[The effect of N-stearoylethanolamine on the activity of antioxidant enzymes, content of lipid peroxidation products and nitric oxide in the blood plasma and liver of rats with induced insulin-resistance].
Antiobese effects of capsaicin-chitosan microsphere (CCMS) in obese rats induced by high fat diet.
Impact of high-fat feeding on basic helix-loop-helix transcription factors controlling enteroendocrine cell differentiation.
Effect of fructooligosaccharides fraction from Psacalium decompositum on inflammation and dyslipidemia in rats with fructose-induced obesity.
Effect of maternal protein restriction during pregnancy and postweaning high-fat feeding on diet-induced thermogenesis in adult mouse offspring.
[Quality of the diet and lifestyles in health sciences students].
Lifestyle and cardiometabolic risk in adults with type 1 diabetes: a review.
Greater impact of dietary fat manipulation than apolipoprotein E genotype on ex vivo cytokine production - insights from the SATgenε study.
Effect of dietary N-carbamoylglutamate on milk production and nitrogen utilization in high-yielding dairy cows.
Acute intake of a high-fructose diet alters the balance of adipokine concentrations and induces neutrophil influx in the liver.
Piromelatine, a novel melatonin receptor agonist, stabilizes metabolic profiles and ameliorates insulin resistance in chronic sleep restricted rats.
SGLT2 selective inhibitor ipragliflozin reduces body fat mass by increasing fatty acid oxidation in high-fat diet-induced obese rats.
Silymarin ameliorates fructose induced insulin resistance syndrome by reducing de novo hepatic lipogenesis in the rat.
Tissue-specific inactivation of type 2 deiodinase reveals multilevel control of fatty acid oxidation by thyroid hormone in the mouse.
Effects of parental omega-3 fatty acid intake on offspring microbiome and immunity.
Noakes' low-carbohydrate, high-fat diet: call for evidence.
Chronic blockade of angiotensin AT₁ receptors improves cardinal symptoms of metabolic syndrome in diet-induced obesity in rats.
Effects of (-)-epicatechin on a diet-induced rat model of cardiometabolic risk factors.
Presence of glyceraldehyde-derived advanced glycation end-products in the liver of insulin-resistant mice.
Increased severity of tuberculosis in Guinea pigs with type 2 diabetes: a model of diabetes-tuberculosis comorbidity.
Whey Peptide-Based Formulas With ω-3 Fatty Acids Are Protective in Lipopolysaccharide-Mediated Sepsis.
High saturated-fat and low-fibre intake: a comparative analysis of nutrient intake in individuals with and without type 2 diabetes.
Dietary energy source largely affects tissue fatty acid composition but has minor influence on gene transcription in Iberian pigs.
Metabolic reprogramming of macrophages: glucose transporter 1 (GLUT1)-mediated glucose metabolism drives a proinflammatory phenotype.
'The way to a man's heart is through his gut microbiota'--dietary pro- and prebiotics for the management of cardiovascular risk.
Changes in dietary and physical activity risk factors for type 2 diabetes in Alberta youth between 2005 and 2008.
A high-fat diet differentially affects the gut metabolism and blood lipids of rats depending on the type of dietary fat and carbohydrate.
De novo synthesis of milk triglycerides in humans.
Perinatal exposure to perfluorooctane sulfonate affects glucose metabolism in adult offspring.
Differential modulation of arcuate nucleus and mesolimbic gene expression levels by central leptin in rats on short-term high-fat high-sugar diet.
Prenatal exposure to lipopolysaccharide combined with pre- and postnatal high-fat diet result in lowered blood pressure and insulin resistance in offspring rats.
Hygienic behavior in honey bees (Hymenoptera: Apidae): effects of brood, food, and time of the year.
The effect of dietary fat intake on hepatic gene expression in LG/J AND SM/J mice.
Diet and cardiovascular health in asymptomatic normo- and mildly-to-moderately hypercholesterolemic participants - baseline data from the BLOOD FLOW intervention study.
Arginine supplementation and exposure time affects polyamine and glucose metabolism in primary liver cells isolated from Atlantic salmon.
Polyphenol-rich extract from blackcurrant pomace attenuates the intestinal tract and serum lipid changes induced by a high-fat diet in rabbits.
Maternal high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation reduces the appetitive behavioral component in female offspring tested in a brief-access taste procedure.
Adverse responses and physical activity: secondary analysis of the PREPARE trial.
Effect of a 6-month vegan low-carbohydrate ('Eco-Atkins') diet on cardiovascular risk factors and body weight in hyperlipidaemic adults: a randomised controlled trial.
Estrogen suppresses adipogenesis by inhibiting S100A16 expression.
High-fat diet aggravates glucose homeostasis disorder caused by chronic exposure to bisphenol A.
Modern diet and metabolic variance--a recipe for disaster?
Relevance of Mediterranean diet and glucose metabolism for nephrolithiasis in obese subjects.
The ketogenic diet for the treatment of malignant glioma.
Characterisation of the faecal bacterial community in adult and elderly horses fed a high fibre, high oil or high starch diet using 454 pyrosequencing.
MicroRNA-155 deficiency results in decreased macrophage inflammation and attenuated atherogenesis in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice.
[Scientific evidence about the role of yogurt and other fermented milks in the healthy diet for the Spanish population].
Metabolic profile before and after short-term overfeeding with a high-fat diet: a comparison between South Asian and White men.
Resistant starch and arabinoxylan augment SCFA absorption, but affect postprandial glucose and insulin responses differently.
Pleiotropic effects of cavin-1 deficiency on lipid metabolism.
The effects of a community-based, culturally tailored diabetes prevention intervention for high-risk adults of Mexican descent.
Pharmacological evaluation of adipose dysfunction via 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 in the development of diabetes in diet-induced obese mice with cortisone pellet implantation.
Use of HbA1c for diagnoses of diabetes and prediabetes: comparison with diagnoses based on fasting and 2-hr glucose values and effects of gender, race, and age.
Effects of diet-induced obesity on metabolic parameters and reproductive function in female Ossabaw minipigs.
Food, drink, and herbs: alternative therapies and gout.
The application of response surface methodology in studying the effect of heat and high hydrostatic pressure on anthocyanins, polyphenol oxidase, and peroxidase of mulberry (Morus nigra) juice.
A controlled pilot study on the efficacy of a low dose antibiotic for the treatment of chronic constipation in patients receiving a high fiber diet.
Comparative effects of the renin-angiotensin system blockers on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and insulin resistance in C57BL/6 mice.
Dietary zinc supplementation to the donor improves insulin secretion after islet transplantation in chemically induced diabetic rats.
Feeding and metabolic consequences of scheduled consumption of large, binge-type meals of high fat diet in the Sprague-Dawley rat.
Glucose transporter 8 (GLUT8) mediates fructose-induced de novo lipogenesis and macrosteatosis.
High-fat diet-induced mitochondrial biogenesis is regulated by mitochondrial-derived reactive oxygen species activation of CaMKII.
Expression of the fatty acid receptor GPR120 in the gut of diet-induced-obese rats and its role in GLP-1 secretion.
Protein quality and the protein to carbohydrate ratio within a high fat diet influences energy balance and the gut microbiota in C57BL/6J mice.
[Study on the mechanism of action of total saponins of Panax notoginseng in ameliorating oxidative stress and insulin resistance in rats fed with high fat diet].
Treatments of faecal incontinence: recommendations from the French national society of coloproctology.
Dietary anthocyanin-rich Haskap phytochemicals inhibit postprandial hyperlipidemia and hyperglycemia in rats.
Dietary determinants of hepatic steatosis and visceral adiposity in overweight and obese youth at risk of type 2 diabetes.
The molecular and metabolic influence of long term agmatine consumption.
Polyphenols-rich Cyamopsis tetragonoloba (L.) Taub. beans show hypoglycemic and β-cells protective effects in type 2 diabetic rats.
Comparison of drying characteristic and uniformity of banana cubes dried by pulse-spouted microwave vacuum drying, freeze drying and microwave freeze drying.
[Prevalence of diabetes and impaired glucose regulation in Chengdu populations and associated dietary risk factors].
The discovery of N-((2H-tetrazol-5-yl)methyl)-4-((R)-1-((5r,8R)-8-(tert-butyl)-3-(3,5-dichlorophenyl)-2-oxo-1,4-diazaspiro[4.5]dec-3-en-1-yl)-4,4-dimethylpentyl)benzamide (SCH 900822): a potent and selective glucagon receptor antagonist.
Effects of hemp (Cannabis sativa L.) seed oil press-cake and decaffeinated green tea leaves (Camellia sinensis) on functional characteristics of gluten-free crackers.
Ganoderma atrum polysaccharide improves aortic relaxation in diabetic rats via PI3K/Akt pathway.
Glucose uptake by the brain on chronic high-protein weight-loss diets with either moderate or low amounts of carbohydrate.
Baseline osteocalcin levels and incident diabetes in a 3-year prospective study of high-risk individuals.
Traditional dietary pattern is associated with elevated cholesterol among the Inuit of Nunavik.
Atorvastatin prevents type 2 diabetes mellitus--an experimental study.
Age- and sex-specific reference values for fasting serum insulin levels and insulin resistance/sensitivity indices in healthy Iranian adults: Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study.
Quick nuclear transportation of siRNA and in vivo hepatic ApoB gene silencing with galactose-bearing polymeric carrier.
Exogenous administration of spermine improves glucose utilization and decreases bodyweight in mice.
Raising HDL with CETP inhibitor torcetrapib improves glucose homeostasis in dyslipidemic and insulin resistant hamsters.
Combination of low dose of the anti-adipogenic agents resveratrol and phenelzine in drinking water is not sufficient to prevent obesity in very-high-fat diet-fed mice.
LRH-1 heterozygous knockout mice are prone to mild obesity.
Influence of diet on gut microbiota, inflammation and type 2 diabetes mellitus. First experience with macrobiotic Ma-Pi 2 diet.
Ma-Pi 2 macrobiotic diet and type 2 diabetes mellitus: pooled analysis of short-term intervention studies.
Acute effect of dietary fatty acid composition on postprandial metabolism in women.
Alcohol ingestion impairs maximal post-exercise rates of myofibrillar protein synthesis following a single bout of concurrent training.
Characterization of a novel glucokinase activator in rat and mouse models.
Improved glucose metabolism in vitro and in vivo by an allosteric monoclonal antibody that increases insulin receptor binding affinity.
Quinoa extract enriched in 20-hydroxyecdysone affects energy homeostasis and intestinal fat absorption in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Amylase addition increases starch ruminal digestion in first-lactation cows fed high and low starch diets.
Liraglutide alleviates diabetic cardiomyopathy by blocking CHOP-triggered apoptosis via the inhibition of the IRE-α pathway.
Protective effects of oxymatrine on experimental diabetic nephropathy.
In vitro investigation of the potential health benefits of wild Mediterranean dietary plants as anti-obesity agents with α-amylase and pancreatic lipase inhibitory activities.
Association of dietary factors with abdominal subcutaneous and visceral adiposity in Japanese men.
Variable effects of gender and Western diet on lipid and glucose homeostasis in aged PCSK9-deficient C57BL/6 mice CSK9PC57BL/6.
Induction of heme oxygenase-1 ameliorates vascular dysfunction in streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetic rats.
Glycemic index, glycemic load and their association with glycemic control among patients with type 2 diabetes.
Subfertility and growth restriction in a new galactose-1 phosphate uridylyltransferase (GALT) - deficient mouse model.
Kalpaamruthaa ameliorates mitochondrial and metabolic alterations in diabetes mellitus induced cardiovascular damage.
Association between carbohydrate quality and inflammatory markers: systematic review of observational and interventional studies.
Socio-demographic, behavioral, and health correlates of nutrition transition dietary indicators in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Dietary strategies for the management of cardiovascular risk: role of dietary carbohydrates.
The Chinese herbal medicine FTZ attenuates insulin resistance via IRS1 and PI3K in vitro and in rats with metabolic syndrome.
Temperature modulates hepatic carbohydrate metabolic enzyme activity and gene expression in juvenile GIFT tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) fed a carbohydrate-enriched diet.
Mice lacking G0S2 are lean and cold-tolerant.
Akt-mediated cardioprotective effects of aldosterone in type 2 diabetic mice.
Worsened arterial stiffness in high-risk cardiovascular patients with high habitual carbohydrate intake: a cross-sectional vascular function study.
Adherence to the Mediterranean diet is inversely related to binge eating disorder in patients seeking a weight loss program.
Intensive lifestyle intervention improves cardiometabolic and exercise parameters in metabolically healthy obese and metabolically unhealthy obese individuals.
Food insecurity and the metabolic syndrome among women from low income communities in Malaysia.
Clustering and determinants of cardiometabolic risk factors among Filipino young adults.
Lipidomic analysis of serum from high fat diet induced obese mice.
Differential effects of high-fish oil and high-lard diets on cells and cytokines involved in the inflammatory process in rat insulin-sensitive tissues.
Nitro-oleic acid and epoxy-oleic acid are not altered in obesity and type 2 diabetes.
High-fructose diet leads to visceral adiposity and hypothalamic leptin resistance in male rats--do glucocorticoids play a role?
Digestive enzymes of two brachyuran and two anomuran land crabs from Christmas Island, Indian Ocean.
Organ damage and hepatic lipid accumulation in carp (Cyprinus carpio L.) after feed-borne exposure to the mycotoxin, deoxynivalenol (DON).
Metabolically induced liver inflammation leads to NASH and differs from LPS- or IL-1β-induced chronic inflammation.
Oral glycotoxins are a modifiable cause of dementia and the metabolic syndrome in mice and humans.
Metabolic and transcriptional response to a high-fat diet in Drosophila melanogaster.
Comparison of changes in postprandial serum leptin between healthy and type 2 diabetic individuals.
Design of novel potent antihyperlipidemic agents with antioxidant/anti-inflammatory properties: exploiting phenothiazine's strong antioxidant activity.
[Evaluation of hearing loss parameters in workers and its relationship with fasting blood glucose levels].
Effect of fructose on markers of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD): a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled feeding trials.
Maternal quercetin administration during gestation and lactation decrease endoplasmic reticulum stress and related inflammation in the adult offspring of obese female rats.
Prevalence of obesity and its associated risk factors among Chinese adults in a Malaysian suburban village.
Nutrition of the critically ill - emphasis on liver and pancreas.
Probiotics and prebiotics: prospects for public health and nutritional recommendations.
Consumption of less than 10% of total energy from added sugars is associated with increasing HDL in females during adolescence: a longitudinal analysis.
Evidence of impairment of normal inflammatory reaction by a high-fat diet.
Parental history of hypertension and dietary intakes in early adolescent offspring: a population-based study.
Impact of targeted specific antibiotic delivery for gut microbiota modulation on high-fructose-fed rats.
Cardiovascular risk profile in subjects with prediabetes and new-onset type 2 diabetes identified by HbA(1c) according to American Diabetes Association criteria.
Postprandial activation of metabolic and inflammatory signalling pathways in human peripheral mononuclear cells.
Effect of diet-induced obesity on BK(Ca) function in contraction and dilation of rat isolated middle cerebral artery.
Gut microbiota dictates the metabolic response of Drosophila to diet.
Is there a link between soft drinks and erectile dysfunction?
Anti-diabetic effect of a combination of andrographolide-enriched extract of Andrographis paniculata (Burm f.) Nees and asiaticoside-enriched extract of Centella asiatica L. in high fructose-fat fed rats.
Tea polyphenols alleviate high fat and high glucose-induced endothelial hyperpermeability by attenuating ROS production via NADPH oxidase pathway.
Influence of fat/carbohydrate ratio on progression of fatty liver disease and on development of osteopenia in male rats fed alcohol via total enteral nutrition (TEN).
Hypercaloric enteral nutrition in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 2 trial.
Influence of the protein status of piglets on their ability to select and prefer protein sources.
Thyroid hormone exacerbates vasoconstriction in insulin resistance: the role of ONOO(-).
Sleeve gastrectomy reduces xanthine oxidase and uric acid in a rat model of morbid obesity.
Chronic reduction of GIP secretion alleviates obesity and insulin resistance under high-fat diet conditions.
Association of vegan diet with RMR, body composition and oxidative stress.
Nutritional status and nutritional habits of men with benign prostatic hyperplasia or prostate cancer - preliminary investigation.
Moderate chronic administration of Vineatrol-enriched red wines improves metabolic, oxidative, and inflammatory markers in hamsters fed a high-fat diet.
Positive interaction between prebiotics and thiazolidinedione treatment on adiposity in diet-induced obese mice.
Eucommia ulmoides cortex, geniposide and aucubin regulate lipotoxicity through the inhibition of lysosomal BAX.
Central proliferation and neurogenesis is impaired in type 2 diabetes and prediabetes animal models.
CB1 blockade potentiates down-regulation of lipogenic gene expression in perirenal adipose tissue in high carbohydrate diet-induced obesity.
Predicting the development of diabetes using the product of triglycerides and glucose: the Chungju Metabolic Disease Cohort (CMC) study.
Dietary zinc is a key environmental modifier in the progression of IgA nephropathy.
Diet high in fructose leads to an overexpression of lipocalin-2 in rat fatty liver.
Determining sucrose and glucose levels in dual-purpose sorghum stalks by Fourier transform near infrared (FT-NIR) spectroscopy.
Abrogating monoacylglycerol acyltransferase activity in liver improves glucose tolerance and hepatic insulin signaling in obese mice.
The transcription factor CREB has no non-redundant functions in hepatic glucose metabolism in mice.
Nesfatin-1 increases energy expenditure and reduces food intake in rats.
Post-partum weight loss and glucose metabolism in women with gestational diabetes: the DEBI Study.
Diet transiently improves migraine in two twin sisters: possible role of ketogenesis?
Diabetic nephropathy in a nonobese mouse model of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Diet as a risk factor for pneumococcal carriage and otitis media: a cross-sectional study among children in day care centers.
Panax notoginseng saponins inhibits atherosclerotic plaque angiogenesis by down-regulating vascular endothelial growth factor and nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate oxidase subunit 4 expression.
Modulatory role of D-chiro-inositol (DCI) on LH and insulin secretion in obese PCOS patients.
Atheroprotective remodelling of vascular dermatan sulphate proteoglycans in response to hypercholesterolaemia in a rat model.
Ethanol extract of Liuwei Dihuang reduces weight gain and visceral fat in obese-prone CD rats fed a high-fat diet.
Effects of processing technologies and pectolytic enzymes on degradability of nonstarch polysaccharides from rapeseed meal in broilers.
Assessing Zambia's industrial fortification options: getting beyond changes in prevalence and cost-effectiveness.
Policy implications of using a household consumption and expenditures survey versus an observed-weighed food record survey to design a food fortification program.
Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 deficiency ameliorates insulin resistance and hyperlipidemia but not bone loss in obese female mice.
Hyperinsulinemia potentiates airway responsiveness to parasympathetic nerve stimulation in obese rats.
Estudio Parto: postpartum diabetes prevention program for hispanic women with abnormal glucose tolerance in pregnancy: a randomised controlled trial - study protocol.
Substitution of dietary fish oil with plant oils is associated with shortened mid intestinal folds in Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar).
Ceramide-activated phosphatase mediates fatty acid-induced endothelial VEGF resistance and impaired angiogenesis.
The ratio of macronutrients, not caloric intake, dictates cardiometabolic health, aging, and longevity in ad libitum-fed mice.
Relationship between adherence to diet, glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in patients with type 1 diabetes: a nationwide survey in Brazil.
Low-protein, high-carbohydrate diet increases glucose uptake and fatty acid synthesis in brown adipose tissue of rats.
Postexercise improvement in insulin-stimulated glucose uptake occurs concomitant with greater AS160 phosphorylation in muscle from normal and insulin-resistant rats.
The effect of L-arginine supplementation on serum resistin concentration in insulin resistance in animal models.
High dietary glycemic load is associated with increased risk of colon cancer.
Dietary mannanase-hydrolyzed copra meal improves growth and increases muscle weights in growing broiler chickens.
The treatment of type 2 diabetes.
[Rosuvastatin improves insulin sensitivity in overweight rats induced by high fat diet. Role of SIRT1 in adipose tissue].
The global diversity of eating patterns: human nutritional health in comparative perspective.
The low-carbohydrate diet and cardiovascular risk factors: evidence from epidemiologic studies.
Effects of compound K on hyperglycemia and insulin resistance in rats with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Dietary supplementation of Bacillus subtilis and fructooligosaccharide enhance the growth, non-specific immunity of juvenile ovate pompano, Trachinotus ovatus and its disease resistance against Vibrio vulnificus.
How should we screen for gestational diabetes?
Lifestyle-induced decrease in fat mass improves adiponectin secretion in obese adults.
High intake of dietary sugar enhances bisphenol A (BPA) disruption and reveals ribosome-mediated pathways of toxicity.
α-Glucosidase inhibitory activity of protein-rich extracts from extruded adzuki bean in diabetic KK-Ay mice.
Ketone supplementation decreases tumor cell viability and prolongs survival of mice with metastatic cancer.
Anti-obesity action of gingerol: effect on lipid profile, insulin, leptin, amylase and lipase in male obese rats induced by a high-fat diet.
Insulin-sensitizing and beneficial lipid-metabolic effects of the water-soluble melanin complex extracted from Inonotus obliquus.
Influence of dietary fat intake on the endocannabinoid system in lean and obese subjects.
Gender, race and diet affect platelet function tests in normal subjects, contributing to a high rate of abnormal results.
Anthocyanin-rich açaí (Euterpe oleracea Mart.) extract attenuates manganese-induced oxidative stress in rat primary astrocyte cultures.
Effects of prandial challenge on triglyceridemia, glycemia, and pro-inflammatory activity in persons with chronic paraplegia.
Low circulating levels of IGF-1 in healthy adults are associated with reduced β-cell function, increased intramyocellular lipid, and enhanced fat utilization during fasting.
The influence of glycemic index on cognitive functioning: a systematic review of the evidence.
Seasonal variation in human gut microbiome composition.
Assessment of early renal damage in diabetic rhesus monkeys.
Dietary pulp from Fructus Schisandra Chinensis supplementation reduces serum/hepatic lipid and hepatic glucose levels in mice fed a normal or high cholesterol/bile salt diet.
Effects of nimesulide, a selective COX-2 inhibitor, on cardiovascular function in 2 rat models of diabetes.
Trajectories of cardiometabolic risk factors before diagnosis of three subtypes of type 2 diabetes: a post-hoc analysis of the longitudinal Whitehall II cohort study.
Isolation and characterization of an agaro-oligosaccharide (AO)-hydrolyzing bacterium from the gut microflora of Chinese individuals.
Effect of dairy calcium from cheese and milk on fecal fat excretion, blood lipids, and appetite in young men.
Relation between the Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program cycle and dietary quality in low-income African Americans in Baltimore, Maryland.
Nutritional balance of essential amino acids and carbohydrates of the adult worker honeybee depends on age.
Alterations in the extracellular catabolism of nucleotides and platelet aggregation induced by high-fat diet in rats: effects of α-tocopherol.
Effects of natural mineral-rich water consumption on the expression of sirtuin 1 and angiogenic factors in the erectile tissue of rats with fructose-induced metabolic syndrome.
A diet formula of Puerariae radix, Lycium barbarum, Crataegus pinnatifida, and Polygonati rhizoma alleviates insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis in CD-1 mice and HepG2 cells.
Eating and aging: trends in dietary intake among older Americans from 1977-2010.
The antidiabetic action of camel milk in experimental type 2 diabetes mellitus: an overview on the changes in incretin hormones, insulin resistance, and inflammatory cytokines.
A key role for interferon regulatory factors in mediating early-life metabolic defects in male offspring of maternal protein restricted rats.
Inhibition of pancreatic β-cell Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II reduces glucose-stimulated calcium influx and insulin secretion, impairing glucose tolerance.
Exenatide improves hepatic steatosis by enhancing lipid use in adipose tissue in nondiabetic rats.
Chronic coffee consumption in the diet-induced obese rat: impact on gut microbiota and serum metabolomics.
Differential influence of the 5-HTTLPR genotype, neuroticism and real-life acute stress exposure on appetite and energy intake.
Islet inflammation, hemosiderosis, and fibrosis in intrauterine growth-restricted and high fat-fed Sprague-Dawley rats.
A cross-sectional study assessing dietary intake and physical activity in Canadian patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease vs healthy controls.
Human cognitive function and the obesogenic environment.
Yacon effects in immune response and nutritional status of iron and zinc in preschool children.
Nox2 mediates high fat high sucrose diet-induced nitric oxide dysfunction and inflammation in aortic smooth muscle cells.
Cardiovascular results of an individually controlled complex prevention.
Muscle-specific interleukin-6 deletion influences body weight and body fat in a sex-dependent manner.
Neuroadaptations in the striatal proteome of the rat following prolonged excessive sucrose intake.
Development and phytochemical characterization of high polyphenol red lettuce with anti-diabetic properties.
Metformin ameliorates hepatic steatosis and inflammation without altering adipose phenotype in diet-induced obesity.
Evaluation of dietary effects on hepatic lipids in high fat and placebo diet fed rats by in vivo MRS and LC-MS techniques.
The relation of diet with PAF and its metabolic enzymes in healthy volunteers.
Increased plasma ghrelin suppresses insulin release in wethers fed with a high-protein diet.
Therapeutic vaccine against DPP4 improves glucose metabolism in mice.
Insulin, osteoblasts, and energy metabolism: why bone counts calories.
Bone-specific insulin resistance disrupts whole-body glucose homeostasis via decreased osteocalcin activation.
Synthesis of novel curcumin analogues for inhibition of 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 with anti-diabetic properties.
Effects of selective and non-selective glucocorticoid receptor II antagonists on rapid-onset diabetes in young rats.
HIV protein Nef causes dyslipidemia and formation of foam cells in mouse models of atherosclerosis.
The effect of normally consumed amounts of sucrose or high fructose corn syrup on lipid profiles, body composition and related parameters in overweight/obese subjects.
An interaction effect between glucokinase gene variation and carbohydrate intakes modulates the plasma triglyceride response to a fish oil supplementation.
Interaction between dietary fat and exercise on excess postexercise oxygen consumption.
3-Phenylpropanoic acid-based phosphotyrosine (pTyr) mimetics: hit evolution to a novel orally active protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B (PTP1B) inhibitor.
Impaired oxidative endoplasmic reticulum stress response caused by deficiency of thyroid hormone receptor α.
[Activation of Kupffer cell and related signal pathway proteins in the liver of high fat and high fructose diet induced NAFLD mice].
[Protective effects of rhein on hepatic progression in HBV-transgenic mice with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis induced by a high-fat diet].
Effects of intrauterine growth retardation and postnatal high-fat diet on hepatic inflammatory response in pigs.
Dietary vitamin intake correlates with hearing thresholds in the older population: the Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
High-refined-carbohydrate and high-fat diets induce comparable hepatic tumorigenesis in male mice.
IL-15 expression increased in response to treadmill running and inhibited endoplasmic reticulum stress in skeletal muscle in rats.
High proportions of foods recommended for consumption by United States Dietary Guidance contain solid fats and added sugar: results from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (2007-2008).
Detection of anthocyanins/anthocyanidins in animal tissues.
Development of hepatocellular carcinoma in a murine model of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis induced by use of a high-fat/fructose diet and sedentary lifestyle.
Impairment of aldehyde dehydrogenase-2 by 4-hydroxy-2-nonenal adduct formation and cardiomyocyte hypertrophy in mice fed a high-fat diet and injected with low-dose streptozotocin.
Fasting ameliorates metabolism, immunity, and oxidative stress in carbon tetrachloride-intoxicated rats.
Caloric restriction can improve learning ability in C57/BL mice via regulation of the insulin-PI3K/Akt signaling pathway.
Adiposity measurements in association with metabolic syndrome in older men have different clinical implications.
Excess pregnancy weight gain leads to early indications of metabolic syndrome in a swine model of fetal programming.
Single-dose carbohydrate treatment in the immediate preoperative phase diminishes development of postoperative peripheral insulin resistance.
Green tea decoction improves glucose tolerance and reduces weight gain of rats fed normal and high-fat diet.
Time-course effects of aerobic interval training and detraining in patients with metabolic syndrome.
Diet-induced obesity attenuates cytokine production following an immune challenge.
Tendon repair is compromised in a high fat diet-induced mouse model of obesity and type 2 diabetes.
Glucagon-like peptide 1 recruits muscle microvasculature and improves insulin's metabolic action in the presence of insulin resistance.
The gender-related differences of nutrient intakes in a group of Italian obese patients display the ongoing transition from Mediterranean to western dietary patterns.
Scallop protein with endogenous high taurine and glycine content prevents high-fat, high-sucrose-induced obesity and improves plasma lipid profile in male C57BL/6J mice.
Cross-sectional associations of food consumption with plasma fatty acid composition and estimated desaturase activities in Finnish children.
The effects of high fat, low carbohydrate and low fat, high carbohydrate diets on tumor necrosis factor superfamily proteins and proinflammatory cytokines in C57BL/6 mice.
Serum leptin is associated with metabolic syndrome in obese Mexican subjects.
Long-term supplementation of umbelliferone and 4-methylumbelliferone alleviates high-fat diet induced hypertriglyceridemia and hyperglycemia in mice.
Additive effects of maternal high fat diet during lactation on mouse offspring.
Berberine reduces ischemia/reperfusion-induced myocardial apoptosis via activating AMPK and PI3K-Akt signaling in diabetic rats.
Nutritional recommendations for synchronized swimming.
Luteolin protects against high fat diet-induced cognitive deficits in obesity mice.
The association between patient-reported self-management behavior, intermediate clinical outcomes, and mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes: results from the KORA-A study.
Weight loss effects from vegetable intake: a 12-month randomised controlled trial.
Effect of sugars in solutions on subjective appetite and short-term food intake in 9- to 14-year-old normal weight boys.
Short-term high-fat-and-fructose feeding produces insulin signaling alterations accompanied by neurite and synaptic reduction and astroglial activation in the rat hippocampus.
Sports Dietitians Australia position statement: sports nutrition for the adolescent athlete.
Hypercaloric diets with increased meal frequency, but not meal size, increase intrahepatic triglycerides: a randomized controlled trial.
Miglitol increases energy expenditure by upregulating uncoupling protein 1 of brown adipose tissue and reduces obesity in dietary-induced obese mice.
Differential effects of low-fat and high-fat diets on fed-state hepatic triacylglycerol secretion, hepatic fatty acid profiles, and DGAT-1 protein expression in obese-prone Sprague-Dawley rats.
Metabolic syndrome increases risk of Barrett esophagus in the absence of gastroesophageal reflux: an analysis of SEER-Medicare Data.
An acute method to test leptin responsiveness in rats.
Newly impaired glucose metabolism and prognosis after percutaneous revascularization.
Drinking problems on a 'simple' diet: physiological convergence in nectar-feeding birds.
Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis weakens the acute phase response to endotoxin in rats.
SRA gene knockout protects against diet-induced obesity and improves glucose tolerance.
Gut carbohydrate metabolism instead of fat metabolism regulated by gut microbes mediates high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Weight loss maintenance in overweight subjects on ad libitum diets with high or low protein content and glycemic index: the DIOGENES trial 12-month results.
Central inflammation and leptin resistance are attenuated by ginsenoside Rb1 treatment in obese mice fed a high-fat diet.
Adaptive expression of microRNA-125a in adipose tissue in response to obesity in mice and men.
Increased DNase I activity in diabetes might be associated with injury of pancreas.
Adiponectin receptor 1 overexpression reduces lipid accumulation and hypertrophy in the heart of diet-induced obese mice--possible involvement of oxidative stress and autophagy.
Relative validity and reliability of an FFQ in youth with type 1 diabetes.
Risks of dietary acrylamide exposure: a systematic review.
Association between intake of nutrients and food groups and liking for fat (The Nutrinet-Santé Study).
Adherence to Mediterranean diet in a Spanish university population.
Effect of dietary fiber/starch balance on the cecal proteome of growing rabbits.
Chronic ethanol exposure alters the lung proteome and leads to mitochondrial dysfunction in alveolar type 2 cells.
Relationship between lower urinary tract symptoms and metabolic syndrome in a Chinese male population.
Weight-making strategies in professional jockeys: implications for physical and mental health and well-being.
A novel role of globular adiponectin in treatment with HFD/STZ induced T2DM combined with NAFLD rats.
Sexual dimorphism in offspring glucose-sensitive hypothalamic gene expression and physiological responses to maternal high-fat diet feeding.
Regulation of energy metabolism and mitochondrial function in skeletal muscle during lipid overfeeding in healthy men.
Anti-obesity effects of KR-66195, a synthetic DPP-IV inhibitor, in diet-induced obese mice and obese-diabetic ob/ob mice.
[Gut microbiota and digestion of polysaccharides].
The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet affects inflammation in childhood metabolic syndrome: a randomized cross-over clinical trial.
Mid to distal small bowel resection with the preservation of the terminal ileum improves glucose homeostasis in diabetic rats by activating the hindgut-dependent mechanism.
Secondary diabetic ketoacidosis and severe hypoglycaemia in patients with established type 1 diabetes mellitus in China: a multicentre registration study.
Ameliorative potential of Tamarindus indica on high fat diet induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in rats.
Consumption of whole grains and legumes modulates the genetic effect of the APOA5 -1131C variant on changes in triglyceride and apolipoprotein A-V concentrations in patients with impaired fasting glucose or newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes.
Liver X receptor agonist T0901317 reduces neuropathological changes and improves memory in mouse models of experimental dementia.
Identification of genetic loci associated with different responses to high-fat diet-induced obesity in C57BL/6N and C57BL/6J substrains.
Maternal obesity exacerbates insulitis and type 1 diabetes in non-obese diabetic mice.
The role of dietary fats for preventing cardiovascular disease. A review.
Microbiome of prebiotic-treated mice reveals novel targets involved in host response during obesity.
PFOS induced lipid metabolism disturbances in BALB/c mice through inhibition of low density lipoproteins excretion.
Discovery of biomarkers for glycaemic deterioration before and after the onset of type 2 diabetes: rationale and design of the epidemiological studies within the IMI DIRECT Consortium.
Yogurt and dairy product consumption to prevent cardiometabolic diseases: epidemiologic and experimental studies.
Systemic VEGF-A neutralization ameliorates diet-induced metabolic dysfunction.
Effect of genotype and environment on the glycoalkaloid content of rare, heritage, and commercial potato varieties.
Effects of acute dietary iron overload in pigs (Sus scrofa) with induced type 2 diabetes mellitus.
High-fat feeding increases hepatic vitamin C synthesis and its circulatory mobilization in mice.
Treatment with the 3-ketoacyl-CoA thiolase inhibitor trimetazidine does not exacerbate whole-body insulin resistance in obese mice.
High blood glucose. Regaining diabetes control.
Macrophage CGI-58 deficiency activates ROS-inflammasome pathway to promote insulin resistance in mice.
Effects of ketogenic diet on vascular function.
Visceral adipose tissue mass in nonlactating dairy cows fed diets differing in energy density(1).
Nox2 targets SERCA in response to a high fat high sugar diet.
Short-term preoperative dietary restriction is neuroprotective in a rat focal stroke model.
Akt-dependent phosphorylation of hepatic FoxO1 is compartmentalized on a WD40/ProF scaffold and is selectively inhibited by aPKC in early phases of diet-induced obesity.
Dietary electrolyte balance influences ileal endogenous amino acid losses in broiler chickens.
Supplemental L-arginine and vitamins E and C preserve xanthine oxidase activity in the lung of broiler chickens grown under hypobaric hypoxia.
Reducing our environmental footprint and improving our health: greenhouse gas emission and land use of usual diet and mortality in EPIC-NL: a prospective cohort study.
Effect of tryptophan supplementation on diet-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mice.
Effects of energy status and diet on Bdnf expression in the ventromedial hypothalamus of male and female rats.
Inhibition of glycosphingolipid synthesis ameliorates atherosclerosis and arterial stiffness in apolipoprotein E-/- mice and rabbits fed a high-fat and -cholesterol diet.
Arsonists and firefighters: the perpetual inflammatory civil war for survival.
Effects of dietary amylose/amylopectin ratio on growth performance, feed utilization, digestive enzymes, and postprandial metabolic responses in juvenile obscure puffer Takifugu obscurus.
Effect of colesevelam HCl monotherapy on lipid particles in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Insulin supersensitivity and normoinsulinaemic hypoglycaemia in uncontrolled type 2 diabetes mellitus: clinical usefulness of 3 h assessment in the 75 g oral glucose tolerance test.
Glucosinolates from pak choi and broccoli induce enzymes and inhibit inflammation and colon cancer differently.
Relationship between cardiovascular risk factors and the echogenicity and pattern of the carotid intima-media complex in men.
Attenuation of hyperglycemia-mediated oxidative stress by indole-3-carbinol and its metabolite 3, 3'- diindolylmethane in C57BL/6J mice.
The dietary proportion of essential amino acids and Sir2 influence lifespan in the honeybee.
Sugars, sucrose and colorectal cancer risk: the Fukuoka colorectal cancer study.
Establishment of a rat model of type II diabetic neuropathic pain.
Added sugars in the diet are positively associated with diastolic blood pressure and triglycerides in children.
Prepregnancy low-carbohydrate dietary pattern and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study.
Metabolomics reveals differences in postprandial responses to breads and fasting metabolic characteristics associated with postprandial insulin demand in postmenopausal women.
Serum carbon isotope values change in adults in response to changes in sugar-sweetened beverage intake.
Zinc status and dietary intake of pregnant women, Alexandria, Egypt.
A randomized pilot trial of a moderate carbohydrate diet compared to a very low carbohydrate diet in overweight or obese individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus or prediabetes.
Pancreatic fat accumulation, fibrosis, and acinar cell injury in the Zucker diabetic fatty rat fed a chronic high-fat diet.
Chronic high fructose intake reduces serum 1,25 (OH)2D3 levels in calcium-sufficient rodents.
Adipose tissue metabolism and inflammation are differently affected by weight loss in obese mice due to either a high-fat diet restriction or change to a low-fat diet.
Diet and acne update: carbohydrates emerge as the main culprit.
Dietary trimethylamine N-oxide exacerbates impaired glucose tolerance in mice fed a high fat diet.
Role of human pregnane X receptor in high fat diet-induced obesity in pre-menopausal female mice.
Metabolic crosstalk: molecular links between glycogen and lipid metabolism in obesity.
Effects of resveratrol on gut microbiota and fat storage in a mouse model with high-fat-induced obesity.
Effects of low carbohydrate diets on energy and nitrogen balance and body composition in rats depend on dietary protein-to-energy ratio.
Azoxystrobin, a mitochondrial complex III Qo site inhibitor, exerts beneficial metabolic effects in vivo and in vitro.
Naloxone treatment alters gene expression in the mesolimbic reward system in 'junk food' exposed offspring in a sex-specific manner but does not affect food preferences in adulthood.
Effects of different intensities of physical exercise on insulin sensitivity and protein kinase B/Akt activity in skeletal muscle of obese mice.
Duodenal-Jejunal bypass improves glucose homeostasis in association with decreased proinflammatory response and activation of JNK in the liver and adipose tissue in a T2DM rat model.
Selenium-enriched exopolysaccharides improve skeletal muscle glucose uptake of diabetic KKAy mice via AMPK pathway.
Dietary pattern trajectories during 15 years of follow-up and HbA1c, insulin resistance and diabetes prevalence among Chinese adults.
Pyrosequencing survey of intestinal microbiota diversity in cultured sea bass (Dicentrarchus labrax) fed functional diets.
Hepatic glucose sensing is impaired, but can be normalized, in people with impaired fasting glucose.
Obstructive sleep apnea is associated with increased arterial stiffness in severe obesity.
Short communication: Prediction of intake in dairy cows under tropical conditions.
Dietary pattern among schoolchildren with normal nutritional status in Navarre, Spain.
Insulin-sensitizing effect of LXR agonist T0901317 in high-fat fed rats is associated with restored muscle GLUT4 expression and insulin-stimulated AS160 phosphorylation.
Thioesterase superfamily member 2 (Them2) and phosphatidylcholine transfer protein (PC-TP) interact to promote fatty acid oxidation and control glucose utilization.
The brain modulates insulin sensitivity in multiple tissues.
The nucleotide exchange factor SIL1 is required for glucose-stimulated insulin secretion from mouse pancreatic beta cells in vivo.
Processed foods and the nutrition transition: evidence from Asia.
Chromium-containing traditional Chinese medicine, Tianmai Xiaoke Tablet improves blood glucose through activating insulin-signaling pathway and inhibiting PTP1B and PCK2 in diabetic rats.
Hepatic mitochondrial and ER stress induced by defective PPARα signaling in the pathogenesis of hepatic steatosis.
Hypolipidemic effect of the polysaccharides from Porphyra yezoensis.
Dietary patterns in children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
Reduced consumption of protein-rich foods follows immune challenge in a polyphagous caterpillar.
Studies on the antidiabetic activities of Cordyceps militaris extract in diet-streptozotocin-induced diabetic Sprague-Dawley rats.
Toll-like receptor-4 signalling in the progression of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease induced by high-fat and high-fructose diet in mice.
Factors that affect zinc bioavailability and losses in adult and elderly populations.
Impact of fructose diet and renal failure on the function of pancreatic islets.
Myeloid-specific Rictor deletion induces M1 macrophage polarization and potentiates in vivo pro-inflammatory response to lipopolysaccharide.
High fat, low carbohydrate diet limit fear and aggression in Göttingen minipigs.
Regulation of insulin degrading enzyme activity by obesity-associated factors and pioglitazone in liver of diet-induced obese mice.
Lifestyle and dietary habits of an obese pregnant cohort.
Mex3c mutation reduces adiposity partially through increasing physical activity.
[Features of organization of nutrition for young athletes].
[Effect of aerobic exercise on serum ghrelin, glucose and lipids of rats with high fat diet].
Indomethacin treatment prevents high fat diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance but not glucose intolerance in C57BL/6J mice.
Estrogen restores brain insulin sensitivity in ovariectomized non-obese rats, but not in ovariectomized obese rats.
Lowering of oxidative stress improves endothelial function in healthy subjects with habitually low intake of fruit and vegetables: a randomized controlled trial of antioxidant- and polyphenol-rich blackcurrant juice.
The effect of high-fat--high-fructose diet on skeletal muscle mitochondrial energetics in adult rats.
O-GlcNAcylation stabilizes β-catenin through direct competition with phosphorylation at threonine 41.
Association of dietary factors with insulin resistance and inflammatory markers in subjects with diabetes mellitus and coronary artery disease in Indian population.
(-)-Epicatechin mitigates high-fructose-associated insulin resistance by modulating redox signaling and endoplasmic reticulum stress.
Extract of okra lowers blood glucose and serum lipids in high-fat diet-induced obese C57BL/6 mice.
Hydrodynamic delivery of FGF21 gene alleviates obesity and fatty liver in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Effect of dietary nonstructural carbohydrate content on activation of 5'-adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase in liver, skeletal muscle, and digital laminae of lean and obese ponies.
Topiramate in the management of feline idiopathic ulcerative dermatitis in a two-year-old cat.
Hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic activities of MT-α-glucan and its effect on immune function of diabetic mice.
The developing intestinal microbiome: probiotics and prebiotics.
Preterm nutrition and the lung.
Differential anti-diabetic effects and mechanism of action of charantin-rich extract of Taiwanese Momordica charantia between type 1 and type 2 diabetic mice.
Clustering effects on postprandial insulin secretion and sensitivity in response to meals with different fatty acid compositions.
Isatis canescens is a rich source of glucobrassicin and other health-promoting compounds.
Polymorphism at the TNF-alpha gene interacts with Mediterranean diet to influence triglyceride metabolism and inflammation status in metabolic syndrome patients: From the CORDIOPREV clinical trial.
Plasma fatty acid changes following consumption of dietary oils containing n-3, n-6, and n-9 fatty acids at different proportions: preliminary findings of the Canola Oil Multicenter Intervention Trial (COMIT).
Developmental programming by high fructose decreases phosphorylation efficiency in aging offspring brain mitochondria, correlating with enhanced UCP5 expression.
Biochemical perspectives of xylitol extracted from indigenous agricultural by-product mung bean (Vigna radiata) hulls in a rat model.
Effect of a high-protein diet on maintenance of blood pressure levels achieved after initial weight loss: the DiOGenes randomized study.
Insulin resistance in SHR/NDmc-cp rats correlates with enlarged perivascular adipocytes and endothelial cell dysfunction in skeletal muscle.
Altered glucose metabolism in mouse and humans conceived by IVF.
Vitamin D supplementation and the effects on glucose metabolism during pregnancy: a randomized controlled trial.
Association of HDL-C and apolipoprotein A-I with the risk of type 2 diabetes in subjects with impaired fasting glucose.
Protein leverage effects of beef protein on energy intake in humans.
Ghrelin mimics fasting to enhance human hedonic, orbitofrontal cortex, and hippocampal responses to food.
Augmented expression and secretion of adipose-derived pigment epithelium-derived factor does not alter local angiogenesis or contribute to the development of systemic metabolic derangements.
Associations of lipoprotein lipase gene rs326 with changes of lipid profiles after a high-carbohydrate and low-fat diet in healthy Chinese Han youth.
Dietary carbohydrates and intestinal lipoprotein production.
Intake of Tibetan hull-less barley is associated with a reduced risk of metabolic related syndrome in rats fed high-fat-sucrose diets.
Amounts of artificial food dyes and added sugars in foods and sweets commonly consumed by children.
Acute steatohepatitis, due to extreme metabolic dysregulation, as the first presentation of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Weight classification does not influence the short-term endocrine or metabolic effects of high-fructose corn syrup-sweetened beverages.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress does not contribute to steatohepatitis in obese and insulin-resistant high-fat-diet-fed foz/foz mice.
Impact of admission triglyceride for early outcome in diabetic patients with stable coronary artery disease.
Liver oxidation and inflammation in Fa/Fa rats fed glucomannan/spirulina-surimi.
Drosophila gains traction as a repurposed tool to investigate metabolism.
Supplementing chicken broth with monosodium glutamate reduces energy intake from high fat and sweet snacks in middle-aged healthy women.
Influence of supplementing vitamin C to yearling steers fed a high sulfur diet during the finishing period on meat color, tenderness and protein degradation, and fatty acid profile of the longissimus muscle.
High-fat diet alters the oligosaccharide chains of colon mucins in mice.
High-calorie diet as a factor of prediabetes development in rats.
Low protein diet inhibits uric acid synthesis and attenuates renal damage in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Characterization of the heterozygous glucokinase knockout mouse as a translational disease model for glucose control in type 2 diabetes.
Fatty acids and cardiac disease: fuel carrying a message.
Healthy Eating Index 2005 and selected macronutrients are correlated with improved lung function in humans.
A high isoflavone diet decreases 5' adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase activation and does not correct selenium-induced elevations in fasting blood glucose in mice.
Water-insoluble fiber-rich fraction from pineapple peel improves intestinal function in hamsters: evidence from cecal and fecal indicators.
Insulin resistant rats display enhanced rewarding effects of nicotine.
Metabolic profiles of adult Wistar rats in relation to prenatal and postnatal nutritional manipulation: the role of birthweight.
Effects of the C161T polymorphism in the gene of peroxisome proliferators activated receptor γ on changes of plasma lipid and apolipoprotein ratios induced by a high carbohydrate diet in a healthy Chinese Han young population.
Down regulation of brain cellular prion protein in an animal model of insulin resistance: possible implication in increased prevalence of stroke in pre-diabetics/diabetics.
Glucose feeding during development aggravates the toxicity of the organophosphorus insecticide Monocrotophos in the nematode, Caenorhabditis elegans.
Low fasting plasma glucose level predicts morbidity and mortality in symptomatic adults with congenital heart disease.
Interplay between diet-induced obesity and chronic stress in mice: potential role of FKBP51.
Technology-supported dietary and lifestyle interventions in healthy pregnant women: a systematic review.
New prognostic model for extranodal natural killer/T cell lymphoma, nasal type.
Bottle and sippy cup use is associated with diet and energy intake in toddlers.
Nutritional intake of elite football referees.
Sequoyitol ameliorates diabetic nephropathy in diabetic rats induced with a high-fat diet and a low dose of streptozotocin.
Pre-exercise nutrition: the role of macronutrients, modified starches and supplements on metabolism and endurance performance.
Amount, type, and sources of carbohydrates in relation to ischemic heart disease mortality in a Chinese population: a prospective cohort study.
Effect of the glycemic index of the diet on weight loss, modulation of satiety, inflammation, and other metabolic risk factors: a randomized controlled trial.
Glycemic index, glycemic load, and risk of type 2 diabetes: results from 3 large US cohorts and an updated meta-analysis.
Impaired oral fatty acid chemoreception is associated with acute excess energy consumption.
Effect of oat intake on glycaemic control and insulin sensitivity: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Searching for genomic region of high-fat diet-induced type 2 diabetes in mouse chromosome 2 by analysis of congenic strains.
HIF prolyl 4-hydroxylase-2 inhibition improves glucose and lipid metabolism and protects against obesity and metabolic dysfunction.
Favorable effects of low-fat and low-carbohydrate dietary patterns on serum leptin, but not adiponectin, among overweight and obese premenopausal women: a randomized trial.
[Effect of ginsenoside Rb1 in ameliorating insulin resistance and ectopic fat deposition in obese mice induced by high fat diet].
Orange-fleshed sweet potato-based infant food is a better source of dietary vitamin A than a maize-legume blend as complementary food.
Proanthocyanidins protect against early diabetic peripheral neuropathy by modulating endoplasmic reticulum stress.
Reassessment of insulin dosing guidelines in continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion treated type 1 diabetes.
Effects of dietary amylase and sucrose on productivity of cows fed low-starch diets.
Conjugated linoleic acid suppresses dendritic cell activation and subsequent Th17 responses.
Immune cell Toll-like receptor 4 mediates the development of obesity- and endotoxemia-associated adipose tissue fibrosis.
Purple sweet potato color ameliorates kidney damage via inhibiting oxidative stress mediated NLRP3 inflammasome activation in high fat diet mice.
Garlic attenuates cardiac oxidative stress via activation of PI3K/AKT/Nrf2-Keap1 pathway in fructose-fed diabetic rat.
Bile acid signaling in lipid metabolism: metabolomic and lipidomic analysis of lipid and bile acid markers linked to anti-obesity and anti-diabetes in mice.
The IRE1α-XBP1 pathway regulates metabolic stress-induced compensatory proliferation of pancreatic β-cells.
Fructose content and composition of commercial HFCS-sweetened carbonated beverages.
Six week follow-up of metabolic effects induced by a high-fat diet and streptozotocin in a rodent model of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
AKT and AMPK activation after high-fat and high-glucose in vitro treatment of prostate epithelial cells.
Mediterranean diet reduces 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure, blood glucose, and lipids: one-year randomized, clinical trial.
Mutation of mouse Samd4 causes leanness, myopathy, uncoupled mitochondrial respiration, and dysregulated mTORC1 signaling.
Weight loss strategies: association with consumption of sugary beverages, snacks and values about food purchases.
Compound K protects pancreatic islet cells against apoptosis through inhibition of the AMPK/JNK pathway in type 2 diabetic mice and in MIN6 β-cells.
High-sucrose diets in pregnancy alter angiotensin II-mediated pressor response and microvessel tone via the PKC/Cav1.2 pathway in rat offspring.
Interindividual variability of lutein bioavailability in healthy men: characterization, genetic variants involved, and relation with fasting plasma lutein concentration.
Adolescent consumption of sports and energy drinks: linkages to higher physical activity, unhealthy beverage patterns, cigarette smoking, and screen media use.
A dose-response strategy reveals differences between normal-weight and obese men in their metabolic and inflammatory responses to a high-fat meal.
Evaluation of free water and water activity measurements as functional alternatives to total moisture content in broiler excreta and litter samples.
Regulatory effects of resveratrol on glucose metabolism and T-lymphocyte subsets in the development of high-fat diet-induced obesity in C57BL/6 mice.
Insulin therapy improves islet functions by restoring pancreatic vasculature in high-fat diet-fed streptozotocin-diabetic rats.
Endotoxaemia resulting from decreased serotonin tranporter (5-HTT) function: a reciprocal risk factor for depression and insulin resistance?
A high-carbohydrate diet lowered blood pressure in healthy Chinese male adolescents.
Estimated intakes and sources of total and added sugars in the Canadian diet.
Drug metabolism enzymes in a steatotic model of rat treated with a high fat diet and a low dose of streptozotocin.
Lactoferrin dampens high-fructose corn syrup-induced hepatic manifestations of the metabolic syndrome in a murine model.
Anti-diabetic effects of the ethanol extract of a functional formula diet in mice fed with a fructose/fat-rich combination diet.
Cholecystokinin mediates progression and metastasis of pancreatic cancer associated with dietary fat.
Bone marrow-derived HL mitigates bone marrow-derived CETP-mediated decreases in HDL in mice globally deficient in HL and the LDLr.
The influence of hydroxypropyl methylcellulose (HPMC) molecular weight, concentration and effect of food on in vivo erosion behavior of HPMC matrix tablets.
Return of hunger following a relatively high carbohydrate breakfast is associated with earlier recorded glucose peak and nadir.
[Chronic kidney disease in 5 708 people receiving physical examination].
Cyanidin-3-O-β-glucoside protects primary mouse hepatocytes against high glucose-induced apoptosis by modulating mitochondrial dysfunction and the PI3K/Akt pathway.
Frequent video-game playing in young males is associated with central adiposity and high-sugar, low-fibre dietary consumption.
Low vitamin D status throughout life results in an inflammatory prone status but does not alter bone mineral or strength in healthy 3-month-old CD-1 male mice.
Effect of long-term dietary arginyl-fructose (AF) on hyperglycemia and HbA1c in diabetic db/db mice.
European children's sugar intake on weekdays versus weekends: the IDEFICS study.
Mechanism of protection by soluble epoxide hydrolase inhibition in type 2 diabetic stroke.
Decreased rate of protein synthesis, caspase-3 activity, and ubiquitin-proteasome proteolysis in soleus muscles from growing rats fed a low-protein, high-carbohydrate diet.
Comparison of antioxidant status between pilots and non-flight staff of the army force: pilots may need more vitamin C.
Perceived stress and eating behaviors by sex, obesity status, and stress vulnerability: findings from the vitamins and lifestyle (VITAL) study.
Hyperlipidemic diet causes loss of olfactory sensory neurons, reduces olfactory discrimination, and disrupts odor-reversal learning.
α-MSH overexpression in the nucleus tractus solitarius decreases fat mass and elevates heart rate.
DHA-enriched high-oleic acid canola oil improves lipid profile and lowers predicted cardiovascular disease risk in the canola oil multicenter randomized controlled trial.
Impaired β cell function in Chinese newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus with hyperlipidemia.
Fermentable oligosaccharides, disaccharides, monosaccharides and polyols: role in irritable bowel syndrome.
Lipidomic analysis of the liver from high-fat diet induced obese mice identifies changes in multiple lipid classes.
High glucose uptake in growing rats adapted to a low-protein, high-carbohydrate diet determines low fasting glycemia even with high hepatic gluconeogenesis.
The effects of consuming a high protein diet (4.4 g/kg/d) on body composition in resistance-trained individuals.
[The effect of N-stearoylethanolamine on liver phospholipid composition of rats with insulin resistance caused by alimentary obesity].
Expression of toll-like receptor 2 in glomerular endothelial cells and promotion of diabetic nephropathy by Porphyromonas gingivalis lipopolysaccharide.
Milk production response to varying protein supply is independent of forage digestibility in dairy cows.
Transgenic mice convert carbohydrates to essential fatty acids.
Human serum acylcarnitine profiles in different glucose tolerance states.
Di-peptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor sitagliptin protects vascular function in metabolic syndrome: possible role of epigenetic regulation.
Anti-diabetic properties of rice-based herbal porridges in diabetic Wistar rats.
Nutritional geometry of calcium and phosphorus nutrition in broiler chicks. Growth performance, skeletal health and intake arrays.
Nutritional geometry of calcium and phosphorus nutrition in broiler chicks. The effect of different dietary calcium and phosphorus concentrations and ratios on nutrient digestibility.
The use of statins in people at risk of developing diabetes mellitus: evidence and guidance for clinical practice.
Macronutrient optimization and seasonal diet mixing in a large omnivore, the grizzly bear: a geometric analysis.
Polyphenol-rich bilberry ameliorates total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol when implemented in the diet of Zucker diabetic fatty rats.
Ideal body mass index determined by mortality in Europe, and adequate high protein and low carbohydrate diet to maintain bodyweight.
Glucagon and insulin have opposite effects on tissue chromium distribution in an obese mouse model.
Induction of miR-29a by saturated fatty acids impairs insulin signaling and glucose uptake through translational repression of IRS-1 in myocytes.
Potential applications of plant based derivatives as fat replacers, antioxidants and antimicrobials in fresh and processed meat products.
High-grain feeding alters caecal bacterial microbiota composition and fermentation and results in caecal mucosal injury in goats.
Ketogenic diets, mitochondria, and neurological diseases.
Blood-brain barrier disruption: mechanistic links between Western diet consumption and dementia.
Human protein status modulates brain reward responses to food cues.
Mangiferin stimulates carbohydrate oxidation and protects against metabolic disorders induced by high-fat diets.
Hypoglycemic effects and mechanisms of electroacupuncture on insulin resistance.
Correlation of CRP, fasting serum triglycerides and obesity as cardiovascular risk factors.
Physical activity offsets the negative effects of a high-fructose diet.
Chrysin, an anti-inflammatory molecule, abrogates renal dysfunction in type 2 diabetic rats.
Effect of increased physical activity on fructose-induced glycemic response in healthy individuals.
Circadian disorganization alters intestinal microbiota.
The renoprotective effects of berberine via the EP4-Gαs-cAMP signaling pathway in different stages of diabetes in rats.
Association of microRNA polymorphisms with the risk of myocardial infarction in a Chinese population.
Comparison of high vs. normal/low protein diets on renal function in subjects without chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
H1-antihistamines exacerbate high-fat diet-induced hepatic steatosis in wild-type but not in apolipoprotein E knockout mice.
Impaired compensatory beta-cell function and growth in response to high-fat diet in LDL receptor knockout mice.
Design, synthesis and characterization of zinc-morin, a metal flavonol complex and evaluation of its antidiabetic potential in HFD-STZ induced type 2 diabetes in rats.
A Moderate Zinc Deficiency Does Not Impair Gene Expression of PPARα, PPARγ, and Mitochondrial Enoyl-CoA Delta Isomerase in the Liver of Growing Rats.
Comparative evaluation of the metabolic effects of hydroxytyrosol and its lipophilic derivatives (hydroxytyrosyl acetate and ethyl hydroxytyrosyl ether) in hypercholesterolemic rats.
A high-fructose diet induces hippocampal insulin resistance and exacerbates memory deficits in male Sprague-Dawley rats.
[Cyanidin-3-glucoside attenuates body weight gain, serum lipid concentrations and insulin resistance in high-fat diet-induced obese rats].
Fatty acid transport protein 1 (FATP1) localizes in mitochondria in mouse skeletal muscle and regulates lipid and ketone body disposal.
Consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages is associated with components of the metabolic syndrome in adolescents.
Effect of glycemic load on eating behavior self-efficacy during weight loss.
Preterm nutritional intake and MRI phenotype at term age: a prospective observational study.
Locusts increase carbohydrate consumption to protect against a fungal biopesticide.
Maternal obesity and late effects on offspring metabolism.
Maslinic acid modulates glycogen metabolism by enhancing the insulin signaling pathway and inhibiting glycogen phosphorylase.
Early life exposure to fructose and offspring phenotype: implications for long term metabolic homeostasis.
MitoNEET-mediated effects on browning of white adipose tissue.
Islet cell response to high fat programming in neonate, weanling and adolescent Wistar rats.
High frequency of diabetes and impaired fasting glucose in patients with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency in the Western brazilian Amazon.
Hepatic glucose uptake and disposition during short-term high-fat vs. high-fructose feeding.
Impairments of hepatic gluconeogenesis and ketogenesis in PPARα-deficient neonatal mice.
Preventive effect of Monascus-fermented products enriched with ubiquinones on type 2 diabetic rats induced by a high-fructose plus high-fat diet.
Bone-marrow mesenchymal stem cell transplantation to treat diabetic nephropathy in tree shrews.
Melatonin prevents maternal fructose intake-induced programmed hypertension in the offspring: roles of nitric oxide and arachidonic acid metabolites.
Effect of pioglitazone on expression of hypoxia-inducible factor 1α and vascular endothelial growth factor in ischemic hindlimb of diabetic rats.
Anti-obesity and anti-insulin resistance effects of tomato vinegar beverage in diet-induced obese mice.
Inactivation of the adrenergic receptor β2 disrupts glucose homeostasis in mice.
[Intervention effect of probiotic bifidobacterium on type 2 diabetes mellitus rats].
Cyclin D1-Cdk4 controls glucose metabolism independently of cell cycle progression.
Ileal, colonic and total tract nutrient digestibility in dogs (Canis familiaris) compared with total tract digestibility in mink (Neovison vison).
Dyrk1A induces pancreatic β cell mass expansion and improves glucose tolerance.
Tobacco smoking patterns and differential food effects on prostate and breast cancers among smokers and nonsmokers in Córdoba, Argentina.
Adipose tissue and liver metabolic responses to different levels of dietary carbohydrates in gilthead sea bream (Sparus aurata).
Supplementing with Opuntia ficus-indica Mill and Dioscorea nipponica Makino extracts synergistically attenuates menopausal symptoms in estrogen-deficient rats.
Effect of high potassium diet on endothelial function.
The attenuation of Moutan Cortex on oxidative stress for renal injury in AGEs-induced mesangial cell dysfunction and streptozotocin-induced diabetic nephropathy rats.
PKCλ haploinsufficiency prevents diabetes by a mechanism involving alterations in hepatic enzymes.
Comparative proteomic analysis reveals the suppressive effects of dietary high glucose on the midgut growth of silkworm.
Dietary administration of Bacillus subtilis on hematology and non-specific immunity of Nile tilapia Oreochromis niloticus raised at different stocking densities.
Glycemic index: is it a predictor of metabolic and vascular disorders?
Effect of troxerutin on insulin signaling molecules in the gastrocnemius muscle of high fat and sucrose-induced type-2 diabetic adult male rat.
Resveratrol prevents high fat/sucrose diet-induced central arterial wall inflammation and stiffening in nonhuman primates.
The association of taste with change in adiposity-related health measures.
Metabolic syndrome: The association of obesity and unhealthy lifestyle among Malaysian elderly people.
Dietary ascorbic acid and subsequent change in body weight and waist circumference: associations may depend on genetic predisposition to obesity--a prospective study of three independent cohorts.
Effect of two dietary fibers on satiety and glycemic parameters: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, exploratory study.
Hypoglycemic and hepatoprotective effects of polysaccharides from Artemisia sphaerocephala Krasch seeds.
Early diabetes treatment does not prevent sympathetic dysinnervation in the streptozotocin diabetic rat heart.
Cathepsin S inhibition lowers blood glucose levels in mice.
Strawberry ellagitannins thwarted the positive effects of dietary fructooligosaccharides in rat cecum.
Dietary fat modifies lipid metabolism in the adipose tissue of metabolic syndrome patients.
Impaired peripheral glucose sensing in F1 offspring of diabetic pregnancy.
Gpr1 is an active chemerin receptor influencing glucose homeostasis in obese mice.
Integrative effects of feeding Aspergillus awamori and fructooligosaccharide on growth performance and digestibility in broilers: promotion muscle protein metabolism.
Nutritional regulation of glucokinase: a cross-species story.
Diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance spur tumor growth and cancer cachexia in rats bearing the Yoshida sarcoma.
Gut microbiota and cardiometabolic outcomes: influence of dietary patterns and their associated components.
Duodenal-jejunal bypass surgery suppresses hepatic de novo lipogenesis and alleviates liver fat accumulation in a diabetic rat model.
Food intake and energy expenditure are increased in high-fat-sensitive but not in high-carbohydrate-sensitive obesity-prone rats.
Increasing protein intake modulates lipid metabolism in healthy young men and women consuming a high-fat hypercaloric diet.
Nutrition and Gaelic football: review, recommendations, and future considerations.
Case study: Natural bodybuilding contest preparation.
Adult offspring of high-fat diet-fed dams can have normal glucose tolerance and body composition.
Maintenance energy requirements of beef cows and relationship with cow and calf performance, metabolic hormones, and functional proteins.
Effect of carbohydrate restriction in patients with hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia after Roux-en-Y gastric bypass.
Co-administration of paroxetine and pravastatin causes deregulation of glucose homeostasis in diabetic rats via enhanced paroxetine exposure.
Targeting P-selectin by gallium-68-labeled fucoidan positron emission tomography for noninvasive characterization of vulnerable plaques: correlation with in vivo 17.6T MRI.
Associations between the home environment and children's sweet beverage consumption at 2-year follow-up: the 'Be active, eat right' study.
Nutrition for swimming.
Quality of pregnant women's diet in Poland - macro-elements.
Early oral feeding after emergency abdominal operations: another paradigm to be broken?
Adherence to the DASH diet and prevalence of the metabolic syndrome among Iranian women.
Preventive effects of jujube polysaccharides on fructose-induced insulin resistance and dyslipidemia in mice.
The Combination of Elevated Triglycerides and Abnormal Fasting Glucose Increases Risk of Cerebral Infarction in Patients With Mild to Moderate Hypercholesterolemia: A Post Hoc Analysis of the MEGA Study.
Melanocortin 4 receptors in autonomic neurons regulate thermogenesis and glycemia.
Comparative pharmacokinetic investigation on baicalin and wogonoside in type 2 diabetic and normal rats after oral administration of traditional Chinese medicine Huanglian Jiedu decoction.
Methionine-induced hyperhomocysteinemia and bleomycin hydrolase deficiency alter the expression of mouse kidney proteins involved in renal disease.
Extracellular matrix and cytochrome P450 gene expression can distinguish steatohepatitis from steatosis in mice.
Energy substrate metabolism in pyruvate dehydrogenase complex deficiency.
Artemisia scoparia enhances adipocyte development and endocrine function in vitro and enhances insulin action in vivo.
Chickpeas—composition, nutritional value, health benefits, application to bread and snacks: a review.
Phagocytic function of Kupffer cells in mouse nonalcoholic fatty liver disease models: Evaluation with superparamagnetic iron oxide.
Low carbohydrate diet score does not predict metabolic syndrome in children and adolescents: Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study.
Three distinct clustering patterns in metabolic syndrome abnormalities are differentially associated with dietary factors in Korean adults.
Olive leaf extract suppresses messenger RNA expression of proinflammatory cytokines and enhances insulin receptor substrate 1 expression in the rats with streptozotocin and high-fat diet-induced diabetes.
Oral exposure of pubertal male mice to endocrine-disrupting chemicals alters fat metabolism in adult livers.
Capsaicin-induced transcriptional changes in hypothalamus and alterations in gut microbial count in high fat diet fed mice.
Pnpla3I148M knockin mice accumulate PNPLA3 on lipid droplets and develop hepatic steatosis.
Metabolic remodeling of white adipose tissue in obesity.
Gallic acid ameliorated impaired glucose and lipid homeostasis in high fat diet-induced NAFLD mice.
The effects of a diet rich in inulin or wheat fibre on markers of cardiovascular disease in overweight male subjects.
Effects of red pitaya juice supplementation on cardiovascular and hepatic changes in high-carbohydrate, high-fat diet-induced metabolic syndrome rats.
Effects of low-fat high-fibre diet and mitratapide on body weight reduction, blood pressure and metabolic parameters in obese dogs.
Dietary intake, eating behaviors, and quality of life in women with polycystic ovary syndrome who are trying to conceive.
A low glycaemic load breakfast can attenuate cognitive impairments observed in middle aged obese females with impaired glucose tolerance.
Changing the paradigm for myoglobin: a novel link between lipids and myoglobin.
Radix Hedysari polysaccharide suppresses lipid metabolism dysfunction in a rat model of non‑alcoholic fatty liver disease via adenosine monophosphate‑activated protein kinase pathway activation.
Refractory hypoglycemia and subsequent cardiogenic shock in starvation and refeeding: report of three cases.
Effects of dietary glucose and fructose upon cannabinoid CB1 receptor functionality in the rat brain: a pilot study.
Glucose-lowering effects and low risk of hypoglycemia in patients with maturity-onset diabetes of the young when treated with a GLP-1 receptor agonist: a double-blind, randomized, crossover trial.
High-fat, low-carbohydrate diet promotes arrhythmic death and increases myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury in rats.
Additive effects of maternal iron deficiency and prenatal immune activation on adult behaviors in rat offspring.
Adipocyte inflammation is essential for healthy adipose tissue expansion and remodeling.
Effect of supplementing essential fatty acids to pregnant nonlactating Holstein cows and their preweaned calves on calf performance, immune response, and health.
NUCKS is a positive transcriptional regulator of insulin signaling.
Effects of carbohydrate counting method on metabolic control in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Critical role of matrix metalloprotease-9 in chronic high fat diet-induced cerebral vascular remodelling and increase of ischaemic brain injury in mice†.
[Intestinal microbiota and cardiometabolic risk: mechanisms and diet modulation].
Coffee consumption attenuates insulin resistance and glucose intolerance in rats fed on high-sucrose diet.
Glucose reduces the anticonvulsant effects of the ketogenic diet in EL mice.
Activity of AMP-regulated protein kinase and AMP-deaminase in the heart of mice fed high-fat diet.
Congenital diseases of the gastrointestinal tract.
Amla prevents fructose-induced hepatic steatosis in ovariectomized rats: role of liver FXR and LXRα.
Total dietary fiber composition of diets used for management of obesity and diabetes mellitus in cats.
Grape seed proanthocyanidin extracts ameliorate podocyte injury by activating peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ coactivator 1α in low-dose streptozotocin-and high-carbohydrate/high-fat diet-induced diabetic rats.
Fetal programming by high-sucrose diet during pregnancy affects the vascular angiotensin II receptor-PKC-L-type Ca(2+) channels (Cav1.2) axis to enhance pressor responses.
A prospective, randomized, controlled, exploratory study of comprehensive dietary advice in ulcerative colitis: impact on disease activity and quality of life.
Decreased global DNA methylation in the white blood cells of high fat diet fed vervet monkeys (Chlorocebus aethiops).
Appetite control and biomarkers of satiety with vegetarian (soy) and meat-based high-protein diets for weight loss in obese men: a randomized crossover trial.
Umami flavor enhances appetite but also increases satiety.
Hindbrain nucleus tractus solitarius glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor signaling reduces appetitive and motivational aspects of feeding.
ASMase regulates autophagy and lysosomal membrane permeabilization and its inhibition prevents early stage non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Heterozygous SOD2 deletion impairs glucose-stimulated insulin secretion, but not insulin action, in high-fat-fed mice.
Weight loss maintenance: A review on dietary related strategies.
PTPRT regulates high-fat diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance.
Fucosylated chondroitin sulfate from sea cucumber improves glucose metabolism and activates insulin signaling in the liver of insulin-resistant mice.
Food and nutrient intake of Irish community-dwelling elderly subjects: who is at nutritional risk?
Antiretroviral treatment associated hyperglycemia and dyslipidemia among HIV infected patients at Burayu Health Center, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia: a cross-sectional comparative study.
Lipolytic and antiadipogenic effects of (3,3-dimethylallyl) halfordinol on 3T3-L1 adipocytes and high fat and fructose diet induced obese C57/BL6J mice.
Insulin-like peptide response to nutritional input in honey bee workers.
Effect of concentrate level on feeding behavior and rumen and blood parameters in dairy goats: relationships between behavioral and physiological parameters and effect of between-animal variability.
Disruption of protein-tyrosine phosphatase 1B expression in the pancreas affects β-cell function.
Ob/ob mouse livers show decreased oxidative phosphorylation efficiencies and anaerobic capacities after cold ischemia.
PPARβ/δ activation of CD300a controls intestinal immunity.
JTT-130, a novel intestine-specific inhibitor of microsomal triglyceride transfer protein, reduces food preference for fat.
Fatty acids composition and food consumption among reindeer herders and urban inhabitants of the European North of Russia.
The use of low-carbohydrate diet in type 2 diabetes - benefits and risks.
Exposure to bisphenol-A during pregnancy partially mimics the effects of a high-fat diet altering glucose homeostasis and gene expression in adult male mice.
[Effect of sequoyitol on expression of NOX4 and eNOS in aortas of type 2 diabetic rats].
Nutrient intake and brain biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease in at-risk cognitively normal individuals: a cross-sectional neuroimaging pilot study.
Diet restriction in Ramadan and the effect of fasting on glucose levels in pregnancy.
Acarbose plus metformin fixed-dose combination in the management of type 2 diabetes.
Laminar inflammatory events in lean and obese ponies subjected to high carbohydrate feeding: Implications for pasture-associated laminitis.
In cats with newly diagnosed diabetes mellitus, use of a near-euglycemic management paradigm improves remission rate over a traditional paradigm.
Pioglitazone ameliorates the lowered exercise capacity and impaired mitochondrial function of the skeletal muscle in type 2 diabetic mice.
Assessing diets for energy and nutrients content in nursery school children from Lodz, Poland.
[Comparison of HbA1c and oral glucose tolerance test for diagnosing diabetes].
Ondansetron attenuates depression co-morbid with obesity in obese mice subjected to chronic unpredictable mild stress; an approach using behavioral battery tests.
Sex and race differences in caloric intake during sleep restriction in healthy adults.
Islet amyloid formation is an important determinant for inducing islet inflammation in high-fat-fed human IAPP transgenic mice.
Retrospective study on the efficacy of a low-carbohydrate diet for impaired glucose tolerance.
Reversal of muscle atrophy by Zhimu-Huangbai herb-pair via Akt/mTOR/FoxO3 signal pathway in streptozotocin-induced diabetic mice.
Beneficial effects of soluble dietary Jerusalem artichoke (Helianthus tuberosus) in the prevention of the onset of type 2 diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in high-fructose diet-fed rats.
Pivotal role of cAMP in the activation of liver glycogen breakdown in high-fat diet fed mice.
[Experimental research on establishing a blood glucose fluctuation model in diabetic rats].
[Therapeutic effect of saxagliptin in rat models of nonalcoholic fatty liver and type 2 diabetes].
The protection of Rhein lysinate to liver in diabetic mice induced by high-fat diet and streptozotocin.
Lipogenic metabolism: a viable target for prostate cancer treatment?
Association between vegetable, fruit and carbohydrate intake and breast cancer risk in relation to physical activity.
Intestinal glucose metabolism revisited.
Alteration of gut bacteria and metabolomes after glucaro-1,4-lactone treatment contributes to the prevention of hypercholesterolemia.
Fructose supplementation worsens the deleterious effects of short-term high-fat feeding on hepatic steatosis and lipid metabolism in adult rats.
The effect of dietary α-lipoic acid, betaine, l-carnitine, and swimming on the obesity of mice induced by a high-fat diet.
QCM-4, a serotonergic type 3 receptor modulator attenuates depression co-morbid with obesity in mice: an approach based on behavioral and biochemical investigations.
Effects of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation on insulin metabolism and lipid profiles in gestational diabetes: Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
The antidiabetic and hepatoprotective effects of magnolol on diabetic rats induced by high-fat diet and streptozotocin.
Oxygen restriction as challenge test reveals early high-fat-diet-induced changes in glucose and lipid metabolism.
Effects of nutrient composition of dinner on sleep architecture and energy metabolism during sleep.
Amylase activity is associated with AMY2B copy numbers in dog: implications for dog domestication, diet and diabetes.
High-oleic peanuts: new perspective to attenuate glucose homeostasis disruption and inflammation related obesity.
Partial hepatic resistance to IL-6-induced inflammation develops in type 2 diabetic mice, while the anti-inflammatory effect of AMPK is maintained.
Effects of different concentrations of salt and sugar on biogenic amines and quality changes of carp (Cyprinus carpio) during chilled storage.
Distinct metabolic pathways trigger adipocyte fat accumulation induced by high-carbohydrate and high-fat diets.
Effects of whey protein and leucine supplementation on insulin resistance in non-obese insulin-resistant model rats.
Changes in glucose disposal after a caloric restriction-induced weight loss program in obese postmenopausal women: characteristics of positive and negative responders in a Montreal-Ottawa New Emerging Team study.
Correlation network analysis reveals relationships between diet-induced changes in human gut microbiota and metabolic health.
Interaction between dietary protein content and the source of carbohydrates along the gastrointestinal tract of weaned piglets.
Pistachio nut consumption modifies systemic hemodynamics, increases heart rate variability, and reduces ambulatory blood pressure in well-controlled type 2 diabetes: a randomized trial.
Inhibitory effect of fucosylated chondroitin sulfate from the sea cucumber Acaudina molpadioides on adipogenesis is dependent on Wnt/β-catenin pathway.
Inhibition of HDAC3 promotes ligand-independent PPARγ activation by protein acetylation.
Oleic Acid, deglycosylated vitamin D-binding protein, nitric oxide: a molecular triad made lethal to cancer.
Binge-like consumption of caloric and non-caloric palatable substances in ad libitum-fed C57BL/6J mice: pharmacological and molecular evidence of orexin involvement.
Inhibition of CYP4A reduces hepatic endoplasmic reticulum stress and features of diabetes in mice.
Controlling access time to a high-fat diet during the inactive period protects against obesity in mice.
Variable patterns of obesity and cardiometabolic phenotypes and their association with lifestyle factors in the Di@bet.es study.
When and why carbohydrate restriction can be a viable option.
Effects of low-carbohydrate, high-fat diets on apparent digestibility of minerals and trace elements in rats.
Long-term intake of rice improves insulin sensitivity in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Fructose content in popular beverages made with and without high-fructose corn syrup.
Effects of Artemisia species on de novo lipogenesis in vivo.
Artemisia extracts activate PPARγ, promote adipogenesis, and enhance insulin sensitivity in adipose tissue of obese mice.
Polyphenol-rich Rutgers Scarlet Lettuce improves glucose metabolism and liver lipid accumulation in diet-induced obese C57BL/6 mice.
Oral administration of soybean peptide Vglycin normalizes fasting glucose and restores impaired pancreatic function in Type 2 diabetic Wistar rats.
Effects of the Mediterranean diet supplemented with coenzyme q10 on metabolomic profiles in elderly men and women.
Progression of diet induced nonalcoholic steatohepatitis is accompanied by increased expression of Kruppel-like-factor 10 in mice.
High dietary protein intake, reducing or eliciting insulin resistance?
Development of an experimental diet model in rats to study hyperlipidemia and insulin resistance, markers for coronary heart disease.
Long-term effects of a very low-carbohydrate weight loss diet on exercise capacity and tolerance in overweight and obese adults.
Ezetimibe enhances macrophage reverse cholesterol transport in hamsters: contribution of hepato-biliary pathway.
High-viscosity dietary fibers reduce adiposity and decrease hepatic steatosis in rats fed a high-fat diet.
The magnolia bioactive constituent 4-O-methylhonokiol protects against high-fat diet-induced obesity and systemic insulin resistance in mice.
Impact of the Healthy Foods North nutrition intervention program on Inuit and Inuvialuit food consumption and preparation methods in Canadian Arctic communities.
Involvement of hepatic peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor α/γ in the therapeutic effect of osthole on high-fat and high-sucrose-induced steatohepatitis in rats.
Synthesis, characterization, and preclinical evaluation of new thiazolidin-4-ones substituted with p-chlorophenoxy acetic acid and clofibric acid against insulin resistance and metabolic disorder.
Adipsin is an adipokine that improves β cell function in diabetes.
Metabolic parameters in rats receiving different levels of oral glycerol supplementation.
Therapeutic effect of inulin on enteric hyperoxaluria in rats.
Lycium barbarum polysaccharides therapeutically improve hepatic functions in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis rats and cellular steatosis model.
Osteoprotegerin increases in metabolic syndrome and promotes adipose tissue proinflammatory changes.
Evaluation of Aroclor 1260 exposure in a mouse model of diet-induced obesity and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Dietary selenomethionine exposure alters swimming performance, metabolic capacity and energy homeostasis in juvenile fathead minnow.
The dietary polysaccharide maltodextrin promotes Salmonella survival and mucosal colonization in mice.
Parallel evolution of the glycogen synthase 1 (muscle) gene Gys1 between Old World and New World fruit bats (Order: Chiroptera).
A posteriori dietary patterns are related to risk of type 2 diabetes: findings from a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Flavonoids are inhibitors of human organic anion transporter 1 (OAT1)-mediated transport.
Dietary glycaemic index and glycaemic load in a rural elderly population (60-74 years of age) and their relationship with cardiovascular risk factors.
Carbohydrate intake and glycemic index affect substrate oxidation during a controlled weight cycle in healthy men.
Effect of dietary energy density and meal size on growth performance, eating pattern, and carcass and meat quality in Holstein steers fed high-concentrate diets.
Heterogeneous associations of insoluble dietary fibre intake with subsequent glycosylated Hb levels among Chinese adults with type 2 diabetes: a quantile regression approach.
DASH-like diets high in protein or monounsaturated fats improve metabolic syndrome and calculated vascular risk.
Improving type 2 diabetes through a distinct adrenergic signaling pathway involving mTORC2 that mediates glucose uptake in skeletal muscle.
Partly replacing meat protein with soy protein alters insulin resistance and blood lipids in postmenopausal women with abdominal obesity.
Ketogenic dietary therapies for adults with epilepsy: feasibility and classification of response.
Effect of high sugar intake on glucose transporter and weight regulating hormones in mice and humans.
Deep Illumina-based shotgun sequencing reveals dietary effects on the structure and function of the fecal microbiome of growing kittens.
Characterization of a shortened model of diet alternation in female rats: effects of the CB1 receptor antagonist rimonabant on food intake and anxiety-like behavior.
Impact of elevated perioperative fasting blood glucose on carotid artery stenting outcomes.
Effects of weight management by exercise modes on markers of subclinical atherosclerosis and cardiometabolic profile among women with abdominal obesity: a randomized controlled trial.
The ketogenic diet modifies social and metabolic alterations identified in the prenatal valproic acid model of autism spectrum disorder.
Starch digestion capacity of poultry.
Fiber and nonstarch polysaccharide content and variation in common crops used in broiler diets.
Dietary fat composition and cardiac events in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Vanadium methyl-bipyridine organoligand and its influence on energy balance and organs mass.
High-protein-low-carbohydrate diet: deleterious metabolic and cardiovascular effects depend on age.
AMPK activation prevents excess nutrient-induced hepatic lipid accumulation by inhibiting mTORC1 signaling and endoplasmic reticulum stress response.
[Cardiac ischemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus rats induced by high sucrose and high fat diet and STZ treated].
Xbp1s in Pomc neurons connects ER stress with energy balance and glucose homeostasis.
The effect of dietary carbohydrate composition on apparent total tract digestibility, feed mean retention time, nitrogen and water balance in horses.
Food science: Fat chance.
Revising the fasting glucose threshold for detection of cardiovascular risk factors: analysing two representative population-based studies of more than 50,000 Iranians in 3 years: The National Survey of Risk Factors for Non-Communicable Diseases of Iran.
The effect of recombinant adeno-associated virus-adiponectin (rAAV2/1-Acrp30) on glycolipid dysmetabolism and liver morphology in diabetic rats.
Anti-diabetic effect of mulberry leaf polysaccharide by inhibiting pancreatic islet cell apoptosis and ameliorating insulin secretory capacity in diabetic rats.
Changes of serum angiogenic biomarkers and their correlations with serum leptin concentration.
Arsenic in Rice - A Cause for Concern. A Comment by the ESPGHAN Committee on Nutrition.
A modified portfolio diet complements medical management to reduce cardiovascular risk factors in diabetic patients with coronary artery disease.
A low carbohydrate, high protein diet combined with celecoxib markedly reduces metastasis.
High fat diet feeding results in gender specific steatohepatitis and inflammasome activation.
The effects of beta-glucan rich oat bread on serum nitric oxide and vascular endothelial function in patients with hypercholesterolemia.
Resveratrol increases nephrin and podocin expression and alleviates renal damage in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Trehalase activity in fungus-growing termite, Odontotermes feae (Isoptera: Termitideae) and inhibitory effect of validamycin.
Insulin resistance is not associated with thermogenic effect of a high-fat meal in obese children.
A high-fiber, low-fat diet improves periodontal disease markers in high-risk subjects: a pilot study.
Apple flavonols and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid-rich fish oil lowers blood C-reactive protein in rats with hypercholesterolemia and acute inflammation.
Effects of R219K polymorphism of ATP-binding cassette transporter 1 gene on serum lipids ratios induced by a high-carbohydrate and low-fat diet in healthy youth.
Amelioration of lipid profile and level of antioxidant activities by epigallocatechin-gallate in a rat model of atherogenesis.
Hepatic ABCA1 expression improves β-cell function and glucose tolerance.
High-protein, low-fat, short-term diet results in less stress and fatigue than moderate-protein moderate-fat diet during weight loss in male weightlifters: a pilot study.
Body composition and power performance improved after weight reduction in male athletes without hampering hormonal balance.
Quantification of training load, energy intake, and physiological adaptations during a rugby preseason: a case study from an elite European rugby union squad.
Dietary sodium restriction decreases insulin secretion without affecting insulin sensitivity in humans.
Diets rich in saturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids induce morphological alterations in the rat ventral prostate.
Effect of a low-fat or low-carbohydrate weight-loss diet on markers of cardiovascular risk among premenopausal women: a randomized trial.
Dairy-based preexercise meal does not affect gut comfort or time-trial performance in female cyclists.
Reduction in circulating ghrelin concentration after maturation does not affect food intake.
Utility of the triglyceride level for predicting incident diabetes mellitus according to the fasting status and body mass index category: the Ibaraki Prefectural Health Study.
A Web-based health promotion program for patients with metabolic syndrome.
Dietary enrichment with alpha-linolenic acid during pregnancy attenuates insulin resistance in adult offspring in mice.
Moderate amounts of fructose- or glucose-sweetened beverages do not differentially alter metabolic health in male and female adolescents.
Carob pod insoluble fiber exerts anti-atherosclerotic effects in rabbits through sirtuin-1 and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ coactivator-1α.
Green tea, black tea, and oolong tea polyphenols reduce visceral fat and inflammation in mice fed high-fat, high-sucrose obesogenic diets.
Effects of acrylamide on sperm parameters, chromatin quality, and the level of blood testosterone in mice.
Diet-dependent gene expression in honey bees: honey vs. sucrose or high fructose corn syrup.
Gender differences in the relationship between plasma lipids and fasting plasma glucose in non-diabetic urban Chinese population: a cross-section study.
Polyphenol-rich blackcurrant extract prevents inflammation in diet-induced obese mice.
Allyl isothiocyanate ameliorates insulin resistance through the regulation of mitochondrial function.
Effects of dietary salt restriction on renal progression and interstitial fibrosis in adriamycin nephrosis.
The effects of metabolic syndrome and its components on arterial stiffness in relation to gender.
Modulation of cysteine-rich protein 2 expression in vascular injury and atherosclerosis.
High dietary lipid level is associated with persistent hyperglycaemia and downregulation of muscle Akt-mTOR pathway in Senegalese sole (Solea senegalensis).
Re-feeding rats a high-sucrose diet after 3 days of starvation enhances histone H3 acetylation in transcribed region and expression of jejunal GLUT5 gene.
Effects of beraprost sodium on renal function and inflammatory factors of rats with diabetic nephropathy.
Theasaponin E₁ as an effective ingredient for anti-angiogenesis and anti-obesity effects.
Amyloidogenic peptide oligomer accumulation in autophagy-deficient β cells induces diabetes.
Cavin-3 knockout mice show that cavin-3 is not essential for caveolae formation, for maintenance of body composition, or for glucose tolerance.
Reduction of AMPK activity and altered MAPKs signalling in peripheral blood mononuclear cells in response to acute glucose ingestion following a short-term high fat diet in young healthy men.
Abnormal fibre usage in UC in remission.
Effect of metformin on metabolic improvement and gut microbiota.
Jatropha curcas leaves analysis, reveals it as mineral source for low sodium diets.
Inhibition of Notch signaling promotes browning of white adipose tissue and ameliorates obesity.
Fucosylated chondroitin sulfate from sea cucumber improves insulin sensitivity via activation of PI3K/PKB pathway.
Cereal byproducts have prebiotic potential in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Lower energy intake following consumption of Hi-oleic and regular peanuts compared with iso-energetic consumption of potato crisps.
Production of an anthocyanin-rich food colourant from Thymus moroderi and its application in foods.
Endocrinization of FGF1 produces a neomorphic and potent insulin sensitizer.
Free fatty acids and IL-6 induce adipocyte galectin-3 which is increased in white and brown adipose tissues of obese mice.
Comparison of metabolic substrates in alligators and several birds of prey.
Phenylpropenoic acid glucoside augments pancreatic beta cell mass in high-fat diet-fed mice and protects beta cells from ER stress-induced apoptosis.
Impact of the prorenin/renin receptor on the development of obesity and associated cardiometabolic risk factors.
Effect of dietary fat modification on subcutaneous white adipose tissue insulin sensitivity in patients with metabolic syndrome.
Effect of the amount and type of dietary fat on cardiometabolic risk factors and risk of developing type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, and cancer: a systematic review.
The establishment of metabolic syndrome model by induction of fructose drinking water in male Wistar rats.
Safety, efficacy and toxicological evaluation of a novel, patented anti-diabetic extract of Trigonella Foenum-Graecum seed extract (Fenfuro).
Fermentable non-starch polysaccharides increases the abundance of Bacteroides-Prevotella-Porphyromonas in ileal microbial community of growing pigs.
Lactobacillus paracasei subsp paracasei L. casei W8 suppresses energy intake acutely.
Chemical Characterization and Water Holding Capacity of Fibre-rich Feedstuffs Used for Pigs in Vietnam.
Effect of High Dietary Carbohydrate on the Growth Performance and Physiological Responses of Juvenile Wuchang Bream, Megalobrama amblycephala.
Short bouts of high-intensity resistance-style training produce similar reductions in fasting blood glucose of diabetic offspring and controls.
Early-onset type 2 diabetes impairs skeletal acquisition in the male TALLYHO/JngJ mouse.
Overexpression of PPARγ specifically in pancreatic β-cells exacerbates obesity-induced glucose intolerance, reduces β-cell mass, and alters islet lipid metabolism in male mice.
Vitamin D protects against diet-induced obesity by enhancing fatty acid oxidation.
Palmitic acid in the sn-2 position of dietary triacylglycerols does not affect insulin secretion or glucose homeostasis in healthy men and women.
Genistein isoflavone glycoconjugates in sour cherry (Prunus cerasus L.) cultivars.
Deleted in breast cancer 1 limits adipose tissue fat accumulation and plays a key role in the development of metabolic syndrome phenotype.
Anti-hyperglycaemic effect of Phragmenthera austroarabica A.G.Mill. &amp; J.A.Nyberg extract in streptozotocin-induced diabetes in rats.
A small amount of dietary carbohydrate can promote the HFD-induced insulin resistance to a maximal level.
Weight loss herbal intervention therapy (W-LHIT) a non-appetite suppressing natural product controls weight and lowers cholesterol and glucose levels in a murine model.
Maternal high-protein or high-prebiotic-fiber diets affect maternal milk composition and gut microbiota in rat dams and their offspring.
Aronia melanocarpa treatment and antioxidant status in selected tissues in Wistar rats.
Peripheral blood mononuclear cells as in vivo model for dietary intervention induced systemic oxidative stress.
Anti-hyperglycemic activity of rutin in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats: an effect mediated through cytokines, antioxidants and lipid biomarkers.
Two novel glucagon receptor antagonists prove effective therapeutic agents in high-fat-fed and obese diabetic mice.
An uncommon cause of hypoglycemia: insulin autoimmune syndrome.
Association of GLP-1 secretion with anti-hyperlipidemic effect of ginsenosides in high-fat diet fed rats.
Shifts in dietary carbohydrate-lipid exposure regulate expression of the non-alcoholic fatty liver disease-associated gene PNPLA3/adiponutrin in mouse liver and HepG2 human liver cells.
Serum levels of high-sensitivity troponin T: a novel marker for left ventricular remodeling and performance in hypertensive subjects.
Influence of paeoniflorin on intracellular calcium ion concentration in the sphincter of Oddi of hypercholesterolemic rabbits.
Effect of omega-3 fatty acids on haemostatic functions in urocortin-treated obese rats.
Dietary patterns and cognitive dysfunction in a 12-year follow-up study of 70 year old men.
Osteoprotegerin is not a determinant of metabolic syndrome in sub-Saharan Africans after age adjustment.
Whey protein supplementation accelerates satellite cell proliferation during recovery from eccentric exercise.
Safety and efficacy of a multiphase dietetic protocol with meal replacements including a step with very low calorie diet.
Levocetirizine ameliorates high fructose diet-induced insulin resistance, vascular dysfunction and hepatic steatosis in rats.
Effects of micro-amounts of Porphyromonas gingivalis lipopolysaccharide on rabbit inflammatory immune response and development of atherosclerosis.
Blockade of interleukin 6 signalling ameliorates systemic insulin resistance through upregulation of glucose uptake in skeletal muscle and improves hepatic steatosis in high-fat diet fed mice.
Extract of Irish potatoes (Solanum tuberosum L.) decreases body weight gain and adiposity and improves glucose control in the mouse model of diet-induced obesity.
Cardiac dysfunction and peri-weaning mortality in malonyl-coenzyme A decarboxylase (MCD) knockout mice as a consequence of restricting substrate plasticity.
The expression of calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II in the dorsal horns of rats with type 1 and type 2 diabetes.
Weight gain as a consequence of living a modern lifestyle: a discussion of barriers to effective weight control and how to overcome them.
Migrant youth's emerging dietary patterns in Haiti: the role of peer social engagement.
Metabolic therapy: a new paradigm for managing malignant brain cancer.
Potential protective effects of Nigella sativa and Allium sativum against fructose-induced metabolic syndrome in rats.
Paraoxonase 1 deficiency and hyperhomocysteinemia alter the expression of mouse kidney proteins involved in renal disease.
Effects of protein and carbohydrate on an insect herbivore: the vista from a fitness landscape.
The effects of nutrition-induced abnormal food metabolism in the Southern Plains woodrat (Neotoma micropus): comparisons of variations of the Western diet.
Comprehensive biomarker testing of glycemia, insulin resistance, and beta cell function has greater sensitivity to detect diabetes risk than fasting glucose and HbA1c and is associated with improved glycemic control in clinical practice.
Brain, liver, and serum salusin-alpha and -beta alterations in Sprague-Dawley rats with or without metabolic syndrome.
The debate on the link between subclinical hypothyroidism and childhood migraine: is initial endocrinological evaluation necessary for children with migraine?
A very low-carbohydrate, low-saturated fat diet for type 2 diabetes management: a randomized trial.
Short-term effects of non-surgical periodontal therapy on clinical measures of impaired glucose tolerance in people with prediabetes and chronic periodontitis.
Contribution of protein, starch, and fat to the apparent ileal digestible energy of corn- and wheat-based broiler diets in response to exogenous xylanase and amylase without or with protease.
Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D and insulin resistance in apparently healthy adolescents.
Molecular targets of the multifunctional iron-chelating drug, M30, in the brains of mouse models of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Beneficial effects of Ginkgo biloba extract on insulin signaling cascade, dyslipidemia, and body adiposity of diet-induced obese rats.
Effect of physical training on liver expression of activin A and follistatin in a nonalcoholic fatty liver disease model in rats.
In vivo assessment of antiretroviral therapy-associated side effects.
Perinatal exposure of mice to the pesticide DDT impairs energy expenditure and metabolism in adult female offspring.
Dietary supplementation of chinese ginseng prevents obesity and metabolic syndrome in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Effect of tree nuts on glycemic control in diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled dietary trials.
Changing dietary patterns in the Canadian Arctic: frequency of consumption of foods and beverages by inuit in three Nunavut communities.
Use of the continuous glucose monitoring system to treat insulin autoimmune syndrome: quantification of glucose excursions and evaluation of treatment efficacy.
Antihyperlipidemic and hepatoprotective activities of mycelia zinc polysaccharide from Pholiota nameko SW-02.
A high-fat diet increases oxidative renal injury and protein glycation in D-galactose-induced aging rats and its prevention by Korea red ginseng.
Pre-germinated brown rice reduced both blood glucose concentration and body weight in Vietnamese women with impaired glucose tolerance.
The influence of nutrition on the insulin-like growth factor system and the concentrations of growth hormone, glucose, insulin, gonadotropins and progesterone in ovarian follicular fluid and plasma from adult female horses (Equus caballus).
Effects of synbiotic food consumption on glycemic status and serum hs-CRP in pregnant women: a randomized controlled clinical trial.
A polyphenol-rich cranberry extract protects from diet-induced obesity, insulin resistance and intestinal inflammation in association with increased Akkermansia spp. population in the gut microbiota of mice.
Increased intake of carbohydrates from sources with a higher glycemic index and lower consumption of whole grains during puberty are prospectively associated with higher IL-6 concentrations in younger adulthood among healthy individuals.
Postnatal prebiotic fiber intake in offspring exposed to gestational protein restriction has sex-specific effects on insulin resistance and intestinal permeability in rats.
Post-weaning diet determines metabolic risk in mice exposed to overnutrition in early life.
A randomized trial on the optimization of 18F-FDG myocardial uptake suppression: implications for vulnerable coronary plaque imaging.
Irritable bowel syndrome and food interaction.
PPARγ ablation sensitizes proopiomelanocortin neurons to leptin during high-fat feeding.
Developmental programming of aging of isolated pancreatic islet glucose-stimulated insulin secretion in female offspring of mothers fed low-protein diets in pregnancy and/or lactation.
Metabolic determinants of body weight after cats were fed a low-carbohydrate high-protein diet or a high-carbohydrate low-protein diet ad libitum for 8 wk.
Advanced onset of puberty after metformin therapy in swine with thrifty genotype.
Effects of the composition of the basal diet on the evaluation of mineral phosphorus sources and interactions with phytate hydrolysis in broilers.
Immune responsiveness of Japanese quail selected for egg yolk testosterone content under severe protein restriction.
Green tea extract improves high fat diet-induced hypothalamic inflammation, without affecting the serotoninergic system.
Postnatal exposure to a high-carbohydrate diet interferes epigenetically with thyroid hormone receptor induction of the adult male rat skeletal muscle glucose transporter isoform 4 expression.
Elevated concentrate-to-forage ratio in dairy cow rations is associated with a shift in the diameter of milk fat globules and remodeling of their membranes.
Effect of traditional leafy vegetables on the growth of lactobacilli and bifidobacteria.
Yerba Mate (Ilex paraguariensis) modulates NF-kappaB pathway and AKT expression in the liver of rats fed on a high-fat diet.
The higher plasma malondialdehyde concentrations are determined by metabolic syndrome-related glucolipotoxicity.
Tailoring dietary approaches for weight loss.
New insights on the risk for cardiovascular disease in African Americans: the role of added sugars.
Genome-wide annotation and functional identification of aphid GLUT-like sugar transporters.
The PULSE (Prevention Using LifeStyle Education) trial protocol: a randomised controlled trial of a Type 2 Diabetes Prevention programme for men.
Dietary manipulation of oncogenic microRNA expression in human rectal mucosa: a randomized trial.
Partial deletion of eNOS gene causes hyperinsulinemic state, unbalance of cardiac insulin signaling pathways and coronary dysfunction independently of high fat diet.
[The diet in improving fertility in women].
Prevalence, risk factors, and predictors of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease among schoolchildren: a hospital-based study in Alexandria, Egypt.
Gestational diabetes mellitus worsens the profile of cardiometabolic risk markers and decrease indexes of beta-cell function independently of insulin resistance in nondiabetic women with a parental history of type 2 diabetes.
Prepregnancy body mass index and prenatal fasting glucose are effective predictors of early postpartum metabolic syndrome in Spanish mothers with gestational diabetes.
High-fat meals rich in EPA plus DHA compared with DHA only have differential effects on postprandial lipemia and plasma 8-isoprostane F2α concentrations relative to a control high-oleic acid meal: a randomized controlled trial.
Fructose, high-fructose corn syrup, sucrose, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease or indexes of liver health: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Higher fructose intake is inversely associated with risk of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in older Finnish adults.
Normal roles for dietary fructose in carbohydrate metabolism.
Combination of alcohol and fructose exacerbates metabolic imbalance in terms of hepatic damage, dyslipidemia, and insulin resistance in rats.
Effects of modified lingguizhugan decoction combined with weekend fasting on metabolic syndrome.
Antidiabetic effect of Lactobacillus casei CCFM0412 on mice with type 2 diabetes induced by a high-fat diet and streptozotocin.
Dan-gua fang improves glycolipid metabolic disorders by promoting hepatic adenosine 5'-monophosphate activated protein kinase expression in diabetic Goto-Kakizaki rats.
Alterations in neutrophil production and function at an early stage in the high-fructose rat model of metabolic syndrome.
AMPK-α2 is involved in exercise training-induced adaptations in insulin-stimulated metabolism in skeletal muscle following high-fat diet.
Intermittent hypoxia and diet-induced obesity: effects on oxidative status, sympathetic tone, plasma glucose and insulin levels, and arterial pressure.
DNA aptamer raised against advanced glycation end products (AGEs) improves glycemic control and decreases adipocyte size in fructose-fed rats by suppressing AGE-RAGE axis.
Metabolic effects of glycerol supplementation and aerobic physical training on Wistar rats.
Molecular weight of barley β-glucan does not influence satiety or energy intake in healthy male subjects.
PTEN upregulation may explain the development of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes with high dose statins.
High fat diet rescues disturbances to metabolic homeostasis and survival in the Id2 null mouse in a sex-specific manner.
Leptin modulates the late fever response to LPS in diet-induced obese animals.
Replacing corn silage with different forage millet silage cultivars: effects on milk yield, nutrient digestion, and ruminal fermentation of lactating dairy cows.
Effect of a low-starch/low-dairy diet on fat oxidation in overweight and obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Neuropeptide Y activity in the nucleus accumbens modulates feeding behavior and neuronal activity.
The effect of ghrelin antagonist (D-Lys3) GHRP-6 on ovariectomy-induced obesity in adult female albino rats.
The effects of fructose-containing sugars on weight, body composition and cardiometabolic risk factors when consumed at up to the 90th percentile population consumption level for fructose.
Nutrient intake in Italian infants and toddlers from North and South Italy: the Nutrintake 636 study.
Dietary fructose reduction improves markers of cardiovascular disease risk in Hispanic-American adolescents with NAFLD.
The relative validity and repeatability of an FFQ for estimating intake of zinc and its absorption modifiers in young and older Saudi adults.
Association between fasting serum glucose levels and incidence of colorectal cancer in Korean men: the Korean Cancer Prevention Study-II.
Pustular drug eruption due to Panax notoginseng saponins.
Ameliorative effects of Monascus pilosus-fermented black soybean (Glycine max L. Merrill) on high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Short- and long-term effects of a maternal low-energy diet ad libitum during gestation and/or lactation on physiological parameters of mothers and male offspring.
Fatty acid desaturation index in human plasma: comparison of different analytical methodologies for the evaluation of diet effects.
Associations of sugar-containing beverages with asthma prevalence in 11-year-old children: the PIAMA birth cohort.
Glycan degradation (GlyDeR) analysis predicts mammalian gut microbiota abundance and host diet-specific adaptations.
Effect of diet quality on survival and reproduction of adult Paederus fuscipes (Coleoptera: Staphylinidae).
Divergent effects of liraglutide, exendin-4, and sitagliptin on beta-cell mass and indicators of pancreatitis in a mouse model of hyperglycaemia.
Obesity does not lead to imbalance between myocardial phospholamban phosphorylation and dephosphorylation.
Intrastrain comparison of the chemical composition and antioxidant activity of an edible mushroom, Pleurotus giganteus, and its potent neuritogenic properties.
Sugar-sweetened beverage consumption among adults -- 18 states, 2012.
Urocortin 3 activates AMPK and AKT pathways and enhances glucose disposal in rat skeletal muscle.
Offspring body size and metabolic profile - effects of lifestyle intervention in obese pregnant women.
Leptin-mediated inflammatory signaling crucially links visceral fat inflammation to obesity-associated β-cell dysfunction.
Effects of a eucaloric reduced-carbohydrate diet on body composition and fat distribution in women with PCOS.
Impact of a community health workers-led structured program on blood glucose control among latinos with type 2 diabetes: the DIALBEST trial.
Dietary regimens modify early onset of obesity in mice haploinsufficient for Rai1.
Associations between rice, noodle, and bread intake and sleep quality in Japanese men and women.
Dietary effect on immunological energetics in mice.
Carbohydrate malabsorption mechanism for tumor formation in rats treated with the SGLT2 inhibitor canagliflozin.
The antimicrobial activity of fruits from some cultivar varieties of Rubus idaeus and Rubus occidentalis.
Changes of hepatic lipid mediators associated with intake of high-fat diet for 12 weeks in endotoxemic rats using LC-ESI-MS/MS.
Transplantation of mesenchymal stem cells into the renal medulla attenuated salt-sensitive hypertension in Dahl S rat.
Effect of Lys656Asn Polymorphism of Leptin Receptor Gene on Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Serum Adipokine Levels after a High Polyunsaturated Fat Diet in Obese Patients.
The effect of nopal (Opuntia ficus indica) on postprandial blood glucose, incretins, and antioxidant activity in Mexican patients with type 2 diabetes after consumption of two different composition breakfasts.
Cartilage oligomeric matrix protein (COMP) in murine brachiocephalic and carotid atherosclerotic lesions.
Lactobacillus casei reduces susceptibility to type 2 diabetes via microbiota-mediated body chloride ion influx.
NLRP3 gene silencing ameliorates diabetic cardiomyopathy in a type 2 diabetes rat model.
Physical exercise restores microvascular function in obese rats with metabolic syndrome.
Muscle ectopic fat deposition contributes to anabolic resistance in obese sarcopenic old rats through eIF2α activation.
Effect of high-fat diet on rat myometrium during pregnancy-isolated myometrial mitochondria are not affected.
Effect of cooked white rice with high β-glucan barley on appetite and energy intake in healthy Japanese subjects: a randomized controlled trial.
Role of dietary fats in the prevention and treatment of the metabolic syndrome.
Serum amyloid A-related inflammation is lowered by increased fruit and vegetable intake, while high-sensitive C-reactive protein, IL-6 and E-selectin remain unresponsive.
Nutrient-specific compensatory feeding in a mammalian carnivore, the mink, Neovison vison.
High-fat diet reduces neuroprotection of isoflurane post-treatment: Role of carboxyl-terminal modulator protein-Akt signaling.
Chronic high-fat diet increases acute neuroendocrine stress response independently of prenatal dexamethasone treatment in male rats.
Cardiac contractile function and mitochondrial respiration in diabetes-related mouse models.
Imaging cardiac sarcoidosis by cardiac positron emission tomography (PET): a local experience using a high-fat, low-to-no carbohydrate protocol.
Macronutrient intake as a mediator with FTO to increase body mass index.
Add-on treatment with teneligliptin ameliorates glucose fluctuations and improves glycemic control index in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes on insulin therapy.
Assessing parents' attitudes towards ketogenic dietary therapies.
Short-term high-fat diet increases macrophage markers in skeletal muscle accompanied by impaired insulin signalling in healthy male subjects.
Fractionation of an anthocyanin-rich bilberry extract and in vitro antioxidative activity testing.
Effect of temperature and short chain fructooligosaccharides supplementation on the hepatic oxidative status and immune response of turbot (Scophthalmus maximus).
Blood glucose, diet-based glycemic load and cognitive aging among dementia-free older adults.
Chronic activation of central AMPK attenuates glucose-stimulated insulin secretion and exacerbates hepatic insulin resistance in diabetic rats.
High carbohydrate diet and physical inactivity associated with central obesity among premenopausal housewives in Sri Lanka.
Vitamin D modulates the association of circulating insulin-like growth factor-1 with carotid artery intima-media thickness.
Low fasting plasma insulin is associated atrial fibrillation in men from a cohort study--the Malmö preventive project.
Diabetes prevention program in a Mediterranean environment: individual or group therapy? An effectiveness evaluation.
Prophylactic effect of baicalein against renal dysfunction in type 2 diabetic rats.
Effects of conjugated linoleic acid supplementation and feeding level on dairy performance, milk fatty acid composition, and body fat changes in mid-lactation goats.
Alpha-lipoic acid attenuates insulin resistance and improves glucose metabolism in high fat diet-fed mice.
Black Currant Nectar Reduces Muscle Damage and Inflammation Following a Bout of High-Intensity Eccentric Contractions.
AHNAK KO mice are protected from diet-induced obesity but are glucose intolerant.
Acute intractable vomiting and severe ketoacidosis secondary to the Dukan Diet©.
[Behaviors and brain glucose metabolism in a rat hyperlipidemia model with depression from chronic unpredictable mild stress].
Human gut microbiota: does diet matter?
Yellow pea fiber improves glycemia and reduces Clostridium leptum in diet-induced obese rats.
Vertical sleeve gastrectomy restores glucose homeostasis in apolipoprotein A-IV KO mice.
Hyperglycemia in rodent models of type 2 diabetes requires insulin-resistant alpha cells.
Chemical composition of Pleurotus eryngii polysaccharides and their inhibitory effects on high-fructose diet-induced insulin resistance and oxidative stress in mice.
Overweight adolescents eat what? And when? Analysis of consumption patterns to guide dietary message development for intervention.
The relationship between fasting plasma glucose and HbA1c during intensive periods of glucose control in antidiabetic therapy.
Maternal high-fat diet modulates hepatic glucose, lipid homeostasis and gene expression in the PPAR pathway in the early life of offspring.
Impact of eating and drinking on body composition measurements by bioelectrical impedance.
Will metformin postpone high-fat diet promotion of TRAMP mouse prostate cancer development and progression?
Leptin restores the insulinotropic effect of exenatide in a mouse model of type 2 diabetes with increased adiposity induced by streptozotocin and high-fat diet.
Nutritional recommendations for water polo.
A high-protein diet is anti-steatotic and has no pro-inflammatory side effects in dyslipidaemic APOE2 knock-in mice.
The DPP-IV inhibitor linagliptin and GLP-1 induce synergistic effects on body weight loss and appetite suppression in the diet-induced obese rat.
Dietary n-6 PUFA, carbohydrate:protein ratio and change in body weight and waist circumference: a follow-up study.
Effect of Ramadan fasting on diabetes mellitus: a population-based study in Qatar.
The influence of Mediterranean, carbohydrate and high protein diets on gut microbiota composition in the treatment of obesity and associated inflammatory state.
A non-erythropoietic peptide derivative of erythropoietin decreases susceptibility to diet-induced insulin resistance in mice.
Molecular mechanism driving retroperitoneal adipocyte hypertrophy and hyperplasia in response to a high-sugar diet.
Dietary resistant starch prevents urinary excretion of vitamin D metabolites and maintains circulating 25-hydroxycholecalciferol concentrations in Zucker diabetic fatty rats.
The development of a composition database of gluten-free products.
Physiologic and Metabolic Benefits of Formulated Diets and Mangifera indica in Fluoride Toxicity.
Low intake of vegetables, high intake of confectionary, and unhealthy eating habits are associated with poor sleep quality among middle-aged female Japanese workers.
A comparative study of the sodium content and calories from sugar in toddler foods sold in low- and high-income New York City supermarkets.
Ketogenic diet sensitizes glucose control of hippocampal excitability.
Dietary mechanism behind the costs associated with resistance to Bacillus thuringiensis in the cabbage looper, Trichoplusia ni.
High saturated fatty acid intake induces insulin secretion by elevating gastric inhibitory polypeptide levels in healthy individuals.
Alfalfa baleage with increased concentration of nonstructural carbohydrates supplemented with a corn-based concentrate did not improve production and nitrogen utilization in early lactation dairy cows.
High-fat-diet-mediated dysbiosis promotes intestinal carcinogenesis independently of obesity.
Feasibility and efficacy of menu planning combined with individual counselling to improve health outcomes and dietary adherence in people with type 2 diabetes: a pilot study.
[Biochemical and pathological analysis of mice with type 2 diabetes mellitus induced by high-fat diet and low-dose streptozotocin injections].
Expression of CTRP3, a novel adipokine, in rats at different pathogenic stages of type 2 diabetes mellitus and the impacts of GLP-1 receptor agonist on it.
Nutritional evaluation of young bulls on tropical pasture receiving supplements with different protein:carbohydrate ratios.
Hypoglycemic effect of catalpol on high-fat diet/streptozotocin-induced diabetic mice by increasing skeletal muscle mitochondrial biogenesis.
Effects of low-carbohydrate and low-fat diets: a randomized trial.
Genistein modulation of streptozotocin diabetes in male B6C3F1 mice can be induced by diet.
The effects of leptin in combination with a cannabinoid receptor 1 antagonist, AM 251, or cannabidiol on food intake and body weight in rats fed a high-fat or a free-choice high sugar diet.
Potato chip intake increases ascorbic acid levels and decreases reactive oxygen species in SMP30/GNL knockout mouse tissues.
Increased gene expression of the cardiac endothelin system in obese mice.
Coprinus comatus cap inhibits adipocyte differentiation via regulation of PPARγ and Akt signaling pathway.
Salvianolic Acid a prevents the pathological progression of hepatic fibrosis in high-fat diet-fed and streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
The role of sweet taste in satiation and satiety.
Effect of low salt diet on insulin resistance in salt-sensitive versus salt-resistant hypertension.
Changes of serum osteocalcin, calcium, and potassium in a rat model of type 2 diabetes.
Adiponectin resistance and proinflammatory changes in the visceral adipose tissue induced by fructose consumption via ketohexokinase-dependent pathway.
Anti-colitic effects of kanjangs (fermented soy sauce and sesame sauce) in dextran sulfate sodium-induced colitis in mice.
Up-regulation of the Sirtuin 1 (Sirt1) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ coactivator-1α (PGC-1α) genes in white adipose tissue of Id1 protein-deficient mice: implications in the protection against diet and age-induced glucose intolerance.
Dietary energy density and its association with the nutritional quality of the diet of children and teenagers.
Effects of dietary macronutrient composition and feeding frequency on fasting and postprandial hormone response in domestic cats.
Mannoheptulose has differential effects on fasting and postprandial energy expenditure and respiratory quotient in adult Beagle dogs fed diets of different macronutrient contents.
Association between irisin and homocysteine in euglycemic and diabetic subjects.
Dietary ascorbic acid modulates the expression profile of stress protein genes in hepatopancreas of adult Pacific abalone Haliotis discus hannai Ino.
Effectiveness of chamomile tea on glycemic control and serum lipid profile in patients with type 2 diabetes.
A three generation reproduction study with Sprague-Dawley rats consuming high-amylose transgenic rice.
Adipose tissue chromium and vanadium disbalance in high-fat fed Wistar rats.
A meal replacement regimen improves blood glucose levels in prediabetic healthy individuals with impaired fasting glucose.
Variability in myosteatosis and insulin resistance induced by high-fat diet in mouse skeletal muscles.
Insulin detemir causes lesser weight gain in comparison to insulin glargine: role on hypothalamic NPY and galanin.
High carbohydrate and high fat diets protect the heart against ischaemia/reperfusion injury.
Early exposure of dams to a westernized diet has long-term consequences on food intake and physiometabolic homeostasis of the rat offspring.
Relationship between oxidative stress and bone mass in obesity and effects of berry supplementation on bone remodeling in obese male mice: an exploratory study.
[Overweight and obesity in Shanghai adults and their associations with dietary patterns].
[Analysis of the effect of high glucose and high fat diet on the manufacturing of the experimental pre-diabetic rats model].
Ghrelin signalling in β-cells regulates insulin secretion and blood glucose.
Focus on metabolic and nutritional correlates of polycystic ovary syndrome and update on nutritional management of these critical phenomena.
Low-carbohydrate diets and cardiovascular and total mortality in Japanese: a 29-year follow-up of NIPPON DATA80.
Lifestyle patterns and dysglycaemic risk in urban Sri Lankan women.
The short-chain fatty acid uptake fluxes by mice on a guar gum supplemented diet associate with amelioration of major biomarkers of the metabolic syndrome.
[Development and evaluation of a high-fat/high-fructose diet-induced nonalcoholic steatohepatitis mouse model].
In vivo osteoprotegerin gene therapy preventing bone loss induced by periodontitis.
Andrographolide prevents high-fat diet-induced obesity in C57BL/6 mice by suppressing the sterol regulatory element-binding protein pathway.
Effects of reduced β2-glycoprotein I on the expression of aortic matrix metalloproteinases and tissue inhibitor matrix metalloproteinases in diabetic mice.
Late gestation under- and overnutrition have differential impacts when combined with a post-natal obesogenic diet on glucose-lactate-insulin adaptations during metabolic challenges in adolescent sheep.
Fibroblast growth factor receptor 4 (FGFR4) deficiency improves insulin resistance and glucose metabolism under diet-induced obesity conditions.
Cardiometabolic effects of two coffee blends differing in content for major constituents in overweight adults: a randomized controlled trial.
Exercise before and during pregnancy prevents the deleterious effects of maternal high-fat feeding on metabolic health of male offspring.
Soy β-conglycinin retards progression of diabetic nephropathy via modulating the insulin sensitivity and angiotensin-converting enzyme activity in rats fed with high salt diet.
Anti-obese and anti-diabetic effects of a mixture of daidzin and glycitin on C57BL/6J mice fed with a high-fat diet.
Western diet and/or lifestyle: is this a big health problem?
Isoliquiritigenin is a potent inhibitor of NLRP3 inflammasome activation and diet-induced adipose tissue inflammation.
Metabolic fingerprinting of gilthead seabream (Sparus aurata) liver to track interactions between dietary factors and seasonal temperature variations.
Effects of pioglitazone mediated activation of PPAR-γ on CIDEC and obesity related changes in mice.
Three months of high-fructose feeding fails to induce excessive weight gain or leptin resistance in mice.
A vascular mechanism for high-sodium-induced insulin resistance in rats.
Shifts in microbiota species and fermentation products in a dietary model enriched in fat and sucrose.
Anti-hyperlipidemic and anti-oxidative effects of gelsemine in high-fat-diet-fed rabbits.
Effects of lipid-lowering pharmaceutical clofibrate on lipid and lipoprotein metabolism of grass carp (Ctenopharyngodon idellal Val.) fed with the high non-protein energy diets.
Inhibiting monoacylglycerol acyltransferase 1 ameliorates hepatic metabolic abnormalities but not inflammation and injury in mice.
Preventive intervention for iron deficiency anaemia in a high risk population.
Diet, gut microbes, and genetics in immune function: can we leverage our current knowledge to achieve better outcomes in inflammatory bowel diseases?
Evaluating the mechanisms of improved glucose homeostasis after bariatric surgery in Ossabaw miniature swine.
Subjects with impaired fasting glucose: evolution in a period of 6 years.
Correlations between self-efficacy in resisting six temptations and dietary energy and macronutrient intake at each meal.
Long-acting glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide ameliorates obesity-induced adipose tissue inflammation.
Long-term intake of a high prebiotic fiber diet but not high protein reduces metabolic risk after a high fat challenge and uniquely alters gut microbiota and hepatic gene expression.
Long-term dietary pattern of fecal donor correlates with butyrate production and markers of protein fermentation during in vitro fecal fermentation.
A mitochondrial ATP synthase subunit interacts with TOR signaling to modulate protein homeostasis and lifespan in Drosophila.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of tert-butyl-5-methylpyrimidin-piperazine derivatives as anti-obesity agents.
The ketogenic diet and other dietary treatments for refractory epilepsy in children.
Feeding a high-concentrate corn straw diet induced epigenetic alterations in the mammary tissue of dairy cows.
Profile of nucleosides and nucleotides in donkey's milk.
Cardiovascular risk profile of high school students: a cross-sectional study.
Improvement of insulin sensitivity by isoenergy high carbohydrate traditional Asian diet: a randomized controlled pilot feasibility study.
Effects of natural honey on blood glucose and lipid profile in young healthy Pakistani males.
Effect of levocarnitine on endurance capacity in type-2 diabetic rats.
The relationship between exercise,nutrition and type 2 diabetes.
Additive effects of gastric volumes and macronutrient composition on the sensation of postprandial fullness in humans.
Glutamine supplementation favors weight loss in nondieting obese female patients. A pilot study.
A reappraisal of the quantitative relationship between sugar intake and dental caries: the need for new criteria for developing goals for sugar intake.
Metabolic reprogramming induced by ketone bodies diminishes pancreatic cancer cachexia.
Diet, insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity--the Dose-Responses to Exercise Training (DR's EXTRA) Study (ISRCTN45977199).
Molecular signatures for obesity and associated disorders identified through partial least square regression models.
Gluten-free dough-making of specialty breads: Significance of blended starches, flours and additives on dough behaviour.
Alteration of postprandial glucose and insulin concentrations with meal frequency and composition.
Early development of calcific aortic valve disease and left ventricular hypertrophy in a mouse model of combined dyslipidemia and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Metabolic phenotypes of obesity influence triglyceride and inflammation homoeostasis.
Artificial sweeteners induce glucose intolerance by altering the gut microbiota.

Effects of dietary fucoidan on the blood constituents, anti-oxidation and innate immunity of juvenile yellow catfish (Pelteobagrus fulvidraco).
Finger millet bran supplementation alleviates obesity-induced oxidative stress, inflammation and gut microbial derangements in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Effects of vitamin E, vitamin C and polyphenols on the rate of blood pressure variation: results of two randomised controlled trials.
Tocopherol and tocotrienol analysis in raw and cooked vegetables: a validated method with emphasis on sample preparation.
Serum phospholipid monounsaturated fatty acid composition and Δ-9-desaturase activity are associated with early alteration of fasting glycemic status.
Overexpression of TNF-α converting enzyme promotes adipose tissue inflammation and fibrosis induced by high fat diet.
Hyperuricemia is a risk factor for the onset of impaired fasting glucose in men with a high plasma glucose level: a community-based study.
The absence of GH signaling affects the susceptibility to high-fat diet-induced hypothalamic inflammation in male mice.
[Oral magnesium supplementation: an adjuvant alternative to facing the worldwide challenge of type 2 diabetes?].
Comparison of methods to reduce myocardial 18F-FDG uptake in mice: calcium channel blockers versus high-fat diets.
Impact of wheat aleurone structure on metabolic disorders caused by a high-fat diet in mice.
High-fructose corn syrup-induced hepatic dysfunction in rats: improving effect of resveratrol.
An automated telephone nutrition support system for Spanish-speaking patients with diabetes.
Carbohydrate beverages attenuate bone resorption markers in elite runners.
Saturated fatty acid-induced miR-195 impairs insulin signaling and glycogen metabolism in HepG2 cells.
Effect of a combination GOS/FOS® prebiotic mixture and interaction with calcium intake on mineral absorption and bone parameters in growing rats.
Acanthopanax divaricatus var. chiisanensis reduces blood pressure via the endothelial nitric oxide synthase pathway in the spontaneously hypertensive rat model.
Serum metabonomic analysis of apoE(-/-) mice reveals progression axes for atherosclerosis based on NMR spectroscopy.
Hepatic fatty acid uptake is regulated by the sphingolipid acyl chain length.
Evaluation of lower-starch diets for lactating Holstein dairy cows.
Procyanidins and their healthy protective effects against type 2 diabetes.
Effect of Pleurotus tuber-regium polysaccharides supplementation on the progression of diabetes complications in obese-diabetic rats.
Low carbohydrate diet from plant or animal sources and mortality among myocardial infarction survivors.
Do patients living with ulcerative colitis adhere to healthy eating guidelines? A cross-sectional study.
Influence of daily diet on ascorbic acid supply to students.
Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol changes in middle-aged obese men with and without metabolic syndrome during weight loss.
Chronic high-fat diet-induced obesity decreased survival and increased hypertrophy of rats with experimental eccentric hypertrophy from chronic aortic regurgitation.
B-1a lymphocytes attenuate insulin resistance.
Hypolipidemic and antioxidant activity of enoki mushrooms (Flammulina velutipes).
A high dietary glycemic index increases total mortality in a Mediterranean population at high cardiovascular risk.
Xanthene derivatives increase glucose utilization through activation of LKB1-dependent AMP-activated protein kinase.
Deletion of serum amyloid A3 improves high fat high sucrose diet-induced adipose tissue inflammation and hyperlipidemia in female mice.
Fertility of a high-altitude sheep model is compromised by deficiencies in both preovulatory follicle development and plasma LH availability.
The role of gut microbes in satisfying the nutritional demands of adult and juvenile wild, black howler monkeys (Alouatta pigra).
Lower urinary tract symptoms are associated with low levels of serum serotonin, high levels of adiponectin and fasting glucose, and benign prostatic enlargement.
Dietary intake and nutritional risk in Mediterranean adolescents in relation to the severity of the eating disorder.
Evaluation of biochemical, hematological and parasitological parameters of protein-deficient hamsters infected with Ancylostoma ceylanicum.
Mechanisms by which low glucose enhances the cytotoxicity of metformin to cancer cells both in vitro and in vivo.
Hypoglycemic, hypolipidemic and antioxidant effects of Sarcandra glabra polysaccharide in type 2 diabetic mice.
A high-concentrate diet induced colonic epithelial barrier disruption is associated with the activating of cell apoptosis in lactating goats.
Dietary fatty acids and risk of coronary heart disease in men: the Kuopio Ischemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study.
High prevalence of chitotriosidase deficiency in Peruvian Amerindians exposed to chitin-bearing food and enteroparasites.
Effects of inter-food interval on the variety effect in an instrumental food-seeking task. Clarifying the role of habituation.
Gluten sensitivity: new epidemic or new myth? Every major change in our diet carries with it the possibility of unforeseen risks.
Preservation of a traditional Korean dietary pattern and emergence of a fruit and dairy dietary pattern among adults in South Korea: secular transitions in dietary patterns of a prospective study from 1998 to 2010.
Diabetes mellitus and abnormal glucose tolerance development after gestational diabetes: A three-year, prospective, randomized, clinical-based, Mediterranean lifestyle interventional study with parallel groups.
Lycopene reduces the negative effects induced by lipopolysaccharide in breeding hens.
Diets labelled with (13)C-starch and (15)N-protein reveal daily rhythms of nutrient use in gilthead sea bream (Sparus aurata).
[Ultrasmall superparamagnetic iron oxide-enhanced magnetic resonance angiography combined with inflammatory factors for detecting atherosclerotic plaques in rabbits].
[Meilian Xiaoke capsule combined with metformin for protecting islet cells and lowering blood glucose in diabetic rats].
MDG-1, a polysaccharide from Ophiopogon japonicus, prevents high fat diet-induced obesity and increases energy expenditure in mice.
Effects of dietary components on high-density lipoprotein measures in a cohort of 1,566 participants.
Short and long-term impact of lipectomy on expression profile of hepatic anabolic genes in rats: a high fat and high cholesterol diet-induced obese model.
The complementary effects of atorvastatin and exercise treatment on the composition and stability of the atherosclerotic plaques in ApoE knockout mice.
Effect of Hypericum perforatum L. extract on insulin resistance and lipid metabolic disorder in high-fat-diet induced obese mice.
Dietary administration of laminarin improves the growth performance and immune responses in Epinephelus coioides.
Impaired fasting glucose and impaired glucose tolerance do not predict hypertension: a community cohort study.
Diet modification and metformin have a beneficial effect in a fly model of obesity and mucormycosis.
Ceramides mediate cigarette smoke-induced metabolic disruption in mice.
Dietary habits changes and quality of life in patients undergoing chemotherapy for epithelial ovarian cancer.
Oligosaccharides composition in eight food legumes species as detected by high-resolution mass spectrometry.
Acute effects of plant stanol esters on postprandial metabolism and its relation with changes in serum lipids after chronic intake.
Energy and nutritional value of the meals in kindergartens in Nis (Serbia).
Characterization of a pancreatic islet cell tumor in a polar bear (Ursus maritimus).
High or low dietary carbohydrate:protein ratios during first-feeding affect glucose metabolism and intestinal microbiota in juvenile rainbow trout.
Walking Reduces Postprandial Insulin Secretion in Obese Adolescents Consuming a High-Fructose or High-Glucose Diet.
Liver glycogen reduces food intake and attenuates obesity in a high-fat diet-fed mouse model.
Effect of high-fat and high-carbohydrate diets on pulmonary O2 uptake kinetics during the transition to moderate-intensity exercise.
Effects of combinations of Xiexin decoction constituents on diabetic nephropathy in rats.
Habitual intake of fruit juice predicts central blood pressure.
Wistar rats resistant to the hypertensive effects of ouabain exhibit enhanced cardiac vagal activity and elevated plasma levels of calcitonin gene-related peptide.
Low energy and carbohydrate intake associated with higher total antioxidant capacity in apparently healthy adults.
Association between junk food consumption and mental health in a national sample of Iranian children and adolescents: the CASPIAN-IV study.
Changes in Brain 14-3-3 Proteins in Response to Insulin Resistance Induced by a High Palatable Diet.
Effect of liraglutide administration and a calorie-restricted diet on lipoprotein profile in overweight/obese persons with prediabetes.
DPP-4 inhibitor and PPARγ agonist restore the loss of CA1 dendritic spines in obese insulin-resistant rats.
Deletion of ELOVL6 blocks the synthesis of oleic acid but does not prevent the development of fatty liver or insulin resistance.
Supplementation of moist and dehydrated citrus pulp in the diets of sheep artificially and naturally infected with gastrointestinal nematodes on the parasitological parameters and performance.
Niclosamide ethanolamine-induced mild mitochondrial uncoupling improves diabetic symptoms in mice.
Protein carbonylation associated to high-fat, high-sucrose diet and its metabolic effects.
[Risk factors and development of metabolic disorders in workers of 'Uralasbest' enterprise].
Altered signaling pathways linked to angiotensin II underpin the upregulation of renal Na(+)-ATPase in chronically undernourished rats.
Nonpharmacologic care for patients with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome: ketogenic diets and vagus nerve stimulation.
SKN-1 and Nrf2 couples proline catabolism with lipid metabolism during nutrient deprivation.
Pancreatic islet neuropeptide Y overexpression has minimal effect on islet morphology and β-cell adaptation to high-fat diet.
The impact of high-fat diet on metabolism and immune defense in small intestine mucosa.
The apolipoprotein-AI mimetic peptide L4F at a modest dose does not attenuate weight gain, inflammation, or atherosclerosis in LDLR-null mice.
Breakfast intake is associated with nutritional status, Mediterranean diet adherence, serum iron and fasting glucose: the CYFamilies study.
Dietary carbohydrate restriction as the first approach in diabetes management: critical review and evidence base.
Effects of oral administration of orodispersible levo-carnosine on quality of life and exercise performance in patients with chronic heart failure.
High-protein diets prevent steatosis and induce hepatic accumulation of monomethyl branched-chain fatty acids.
Dietary supplements for chronic gout.
The H1-receptor antagonist cetirizine ameliorates high-fat diet-induced glucose intolerance in male C57BL/6 mice, but not diabetes outcome in female non-obese diabetic (NOD) mice.
Extended exenatide administration enhances lipid metabolism and exacerbates pancreatic injury in mice on a high fat, high carbohydrate diet.
Evaluation of commercial ELISA and RIA for measuring porcine C-peptide: implications for research.
Anti-CD44 antibody treatment lowers hyperglycemia and improves insulin resistance, adipose inflammation, and hepatic steatosis in diet-induced obese mice.
Improving glucose tolerance by reducing weight gain in a polygenic obese mouse model: use of a high protein diet.
Obesity-induced CerS6-dependent C16:0 ceramide production promotes weight gain and glucose intolerance.
CerS2 haploinsufficiency inhibits β-oxidation and confers susceptibility to diet-induced steatohepatitis and insulin resistance.
Consumption of clarified grapefruit juice ameliorates high-fat diet induced insulin resistance and weight gain in mice.
Reduction in saturated fat intake improves cardiovascular risks in obese adolescents during interdisciplinary therapy.
The effect of glibenclamide on insulin secretion at normal glucose concentrations.
Evaluation of the relative available energy of several dietary fiber preparations using breath hydrogen evolution in healthy humans.
Resting heart rate as a marker for identifying the risk of undiagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional survey.
Postoperative hypocaloric peripheral parenteral nutrition with branched-chain-enriched amino acids provides no better clinical advantage than fluid management in nonmalnourished colorectal cancer patients.
Milk, yogurt, and lactose intake and ovarian cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
[Effects of nighttime snacking in students on their physiological parameters].
Complex carbohydrates as a possible source of high energy to formulate functional feeds.
β-catenin links hepatic metabolic zonation with lipid metabolism and diet-induced obesity in mice.
Sex-related differences in the effects of high-fat diets on DHEA-treated rats.
Effect of compounds affecting ABCA1 expression and CETP activity on the HDL pathway involved in intestinal absorption of lutein and zeaxanthin.
Fasting mitigates immediate hypersensitivity: a pivotal role of endogenous D-beta-hydroxybutyrate.
Potatoes, glycemic index, and weight loss in free-living individuals: practical implications.
Control of homeostatic and pathogenic balance in adipose tissue by ganglioside GM3.
Bioavailability of calcium and its absorption inhibitors in raw and cooked green leafy vegetables commonly consumed in India--an in vitro study.
Adolescent testosterone, muscle mass and glucose metabolism: evidence from the 'Children of 1997' birth cohort in Hong Kong.
The expression and activity of antioxidant enzymes in the liver of rats exposed to high-fructose diet in the period from weaning to adulthood.
Urine albumin-creatinine ratio in women with gestational diabetes: its link with glycaemic status.
The Murphy Roths Large (MRL) mouse strain is naturally resistant to high fat diet-induced hyperglycemia.
Improvement of Cardiomyopathy After High-Fat Diet in Two Siblings with Glycogen Storage Disease Type III.
Preventive effects of chitosan coacervate whey protein on body composition and immunometabolic aspect in obese mice.
Total saponins from Rosa laevigata Michx fruit attenuates hepatic steatosis induced by high-fat diet in rats.
Hyperandrogenemia in polycystic ovary syndrome: exploration of the role of free testosterone and androstenedione in metabolic phenotype.
Polydatin improves glucose and lipid metabolism in experimental diabetes through activating the Akt signaling pathway.
Effects of 7 days on an ad libitum low-fat vegan diet: the McDougall Program cohort.
Hepatic mitogen-activated protein kinase phosphatase 1 selectively regulates glucose metabolism and energy homeostasis.
Red meat intake, insulin resistance, and markers of endothelial function among Iranian women.
Effects of chicory inulin on serum metabolites of uric acid, lipids, glucose, and abdominal fat deposition in quails induced by purine-rich diets.
Carbohydrate-dependent, exercise-induced gastrointestinal distress.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus non-genetic Rhesus monkey model induced by high fat and high sucrose diet.
Incorporation of buriti endocarp flour in gluten-free whole cookies as potential source of dietary fiber.
Glycemic index, glycemic load, and pulse wave reflection in adults.
Secoisolariciresinol diglucoside in high-fat diet and streptozotocin-induced diabetic nephropathy in rats: a possible renoprotective effect.
Change in dietary intake of adults with intermittent claudication undergoing a supervised exercise program and compared to matched controls.
A polysaccharide extract of mulberry leaf ameliorates hepatic glucose metabolism and insulin signaling in rats with type 2 diabetes induced by high fat-diet and streptozotocin.
The favorable effects of garlic intake on metabolic profiles, hs-CRP, biomarkers of oxidative stress and pregnancy outcomes in pregnant women at risk for pre-eclampsia: randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Timing of fat and liquid sugar intake alters substrate oxidation and food efficiency in male Wistar rats.
The impact of small doses of LPS on NASH in high sucrose and high fat diet induced rats.
Tormentic acid, a major component of suspension cells of Eriobotrya japonica, suppresses high-fat diet-induced diabetes and hyperlipidemia by glucose transporter 4 and AMP-activated protein kinase phosphorylation.
Low energy availability and low body fat of female gymnasts before an international competition.
Role of dietary fats in modulating cardiometabolic risk during moderate weight gain: a randomized double-blind overfeeding trial (LIPOGAIN study).
Effects of mineral and rapeseed phosphorus supplementation on phytate degradation in dairy cows.
Dietary protein and fiber in end stage renal disease.
Away from home meals: associations with biomarkers of chronic disease and dietary intake in American adults, NHANES 2005-2010.
Obesity increases histone H3 lysine 9 and 18 acetylation at Tnfa and Ccl2 genes in mouse liver.
Clearance of glucoregulatory peptide hormones during haemodialysis and haemodiafiltration in non-diabetic end-stage renal disease patients.
Exopolysaccharide-producing probiotic Lactobacilli reduce serum cholesterol and modify enteric microbiota in ApoE-deficient mice.
Potent effects of the total saponins from Dioscorea nipponica Makino against streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetes mellitus in rats.
Is insulin the most effective injectable antihyperglycaemic therapy?
Glycaemic index of some commercial gluten-free foods.
Opposing effects of reduced kidney mass on liver and skeletal muscle insulin sensitivity in obese mice.
Evidence that humans can taste glucose polymers.
Endotoxemia, nutrition, and cardiometabolic disorders.
Diets high in resistant starch and arabinoxylan modulate digestion processes and SCFA pool size in the large intestine and faecal microbial composition in pigs.
Dietary glycaemic index and glycaemic load in relation to all-cause and cause-specific mortality in a Japanese community: the Takayama study.
High prevalence of insulin resistance assessed by the glucose clamp technique in hormonal and non-hormonal contraceptive users.
Effect of diet on preference and intake of sucrose in obese prone and resistant rats.
High-resolution mapping of a genetic locus regulating preferential carbohydrate intake, total kilocalories, and food volume on mouse chromosome 17.
The potential of a high protein-low carbohydrate diet to preserve intrahepatic triglyceride content in healthy humans.
[Effects of high-fat-diet on the level of hormones related to glucose and lipid metabolism in rat plasma].
Postprandial lipemia induces pancreatic α cell dysfunction characteristic of type 2 diabetes: studies in healthy subjects, mouse pancreatic islets, and cultured pancreatic α cells.
High protein intake from meat as complementary food increases growth but not adiposity in breastfed infants: a randomized trial.
Orange juice (poly)phenols are highly bioavailable in humans.
Diets high in protein or saturated fat do not affect insulin sensitivity or plasma concentrations of lipids and lipoproteins in overweight and obese adults.
Almonds inhibit dyslipidemia and vascular dysfunction in rats through multiple pathways.
Metformin for overweight women at midlife: a double-blind, randomized, controlled trial.
Polydatin supplementation ameliorates diet-induced development of insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis in rats.
Infection with Porphyromonas gingivalis exacerbates endothelial injury in obese mice.
Whole-of-society monitoring framework for sugar, salt, and fat consumption and noncommunicable diseases in India.
Acceptability of delivery of dietary advice in the dentistry setting to address obesity in pre-school children: a case study of the Common Risk Factor Approach.
Latent autoimmune diabetes in adults with low-titer GAD antibodies: similar disease progression with type 2 diabetes: a nationwide, multicenter prospective study (LADA China Study 3).
Remodeling of the thoracic aorta after bone marrow cell transplantation.
Pancreatic T cell protein-tyrosine phosphatase deficiency affects beta cell function in mice.
Detection of abnormal glucose tolerance in Africans is improved by combining A1C with fasting glucose: the Africans in America Study.
Adiponectin is essential for lipid homeostasis and survival under insulin deficiency and promotes β-cell regeneration.
FXR agonist GW4064 alleviates endotoxin-induced hepatic inflammation by repressing macrophage activation.
Comparative study on the hypoglycemic and antioxidative effects of fermented paste (doenjang) prepared from soybean and brown rice mixed with rice bran or red ginseng marc in mice fed with high fat diet.
Carrot juice fermented with Lactobacillus plantarum NCU116 ameliorates type 2 diabetes in rats.
Hemin improves insulin sensitivity in skeletal muscle in high fat-fed mice.
Interaction between Pro12Ala polymorphism of PPARγ2 and diet on adiposity phenotypes.
High vitamin D status before conception, but not during pregnancy, is inversely associated with maternal gestational diabetes mellitus in guinea pigs.
Restoration of autophagy alleviates hepatic ER stress and impaired insulin signalling transduction in high fructose-fed male mice.
Effect of acarbose on postprandial blood glucose concentrations in healthy cats fed low and high carbohydrate diets.
High-resolution genetic mapping in the diversity outbred mouse population identifies Apobec1 as a candidate gene for atherosclerosis.
Influence of the glycation gap on the diagnosis of type 2 diabetes.
High consumption of pulses is associated with lower risk of abnormal glucose metabolism in women in Mauritius.
Raman spectroscopy analysis of lipid droplets content, distribution and saturation level in Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in mice.
Ketogenesis prevents diet-induced fatty liver injury and hyperglycemia.
Protective effect of thymoquinone against high-fructose diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rats.
Abnormalities of lipoprotein concentrations in obstructive sleep apnea are related to insulin resistance.
Nutritional strategy to prevent fatty liver and insulin resistance independent of obesity by reducing glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide responses in mice.
Intestinal alkaline phosphatase deficiency leads to lipopolysaccharide desensitization and faster weight gain.
Effect of white wheat bread and white wheat bread added with bioactive compounds on hypercholesterolemic and steatotic mice fed a high-fat diet.
In vivo performance of Italian Heavy Draft Horse weanlings fed two protein levels and slaughtered at two ages.
Depression in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes: associations with hyperglycemia, hypoglycemia, and poor treatment adherence.
Effects of grape seed proanthocyanidin extract on renal injury in type 2 diabetic rats.
A fruit, milk and whole grain dietary pattern is positively associated with bone mineral density in Korean healthy adults.
[Effect of fats on cardiovascular disease prevention in Denmark].
Hyperhomocysteinemia and hyperglycemia induce and potentiate endothelial dysfunction via μ-calpain activation.
Angiotensin II induces interleukin-1β-mediated islet inflammation and β-cell dysfunction independently of vasoconstrictive effects.
Ethnicity and child health in northern Tanzania: Maasai pastoralists are disadvantaged compared to neighbouring ethnic groups.
Codonopsis lanceolata extract prevents diet-induced obesity in C57BL/6 mice.
Effects of dietary fat and saturated fat content on liver fat and markers of oxidative stress in overweight/obese men and women under weight-stable conditions.
[Role of visfatin in the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus and its relationship with insulin resistance].
A brief review of higher dietary protein diets in weight loss: a focus on athletes.
Validation of Indian diabetic risk score in diagnosing type 2 diabetes mellitus against high fasting blood sugar levels among adult population of central India.
Selective disruption of Tcf7l2 in the pancreatic β cell impairs secretory function and lowers β cell mass.
Dietary treatment in adults with refractory epilepsy: a review.
Therapeutic effects of globular adiponectin in diabetic rats with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Response gene to complement 32 (RGC-32) in endothelial cells is induced by glucose and helpful to maintain glucose homeostasis.
High concentrate diet induced mucosal injuries by enhancing epithelial apoptosis and inflammatory response in the hindgut of goats.
Characterization of the rumen microbiome of Indian Kankrej cattle (Bos indicus) adapted to different forage diet.
Early endothelial damage detected by circulating particles in baboons fed a diet high in simple carbohydrates in conjunction with saturated or unsaturated fat.
Cannabinoid receptor 1 antagonist treatment induces glucagon release and shows an additive therapeutic effect with GLP-1 agonist in diet-induced obese mice.
Association of impaired fasting glucose, diabetes and their management with the presentation and outcome of peripheral artery disease: a cohort study.
Whole-genome sequencing of the snub-nosed monkey provides insights into folivory and evolutionary history.
Dietetic characteristics of a sample of Mayan dual burden households in Merida, Yucatan, Mexico.
Restricting carbohydrates to fight head and neck cancer-is this realistic?
[Carbohydrate: current role in diabetes mellitus and metabolic disease].
TGR5 reduces macrophage migration through mTOR-induced C/EBPβ differential translation.
Reduced expression of starch branching enzyme IIa and IIb in maize endosperm by RNAi constructs greatly increases the amylose content in kernel with nearly normal morphology.
Association of daily coffee and tea consumption and metabolic syndrome: results from the Polish arm of the HAPIEE study.
Growth performance, blood metabolic responses, and carcass characteristics of grower and finisher South African Windsnyer-type indigenous and Large White×Landrace crossbred pigs fed diets containing ensiled corncobs.
In vitro effect of dietary protein level and nondigestible oligosaccharides on feline fecal microbiota.
Deficiency of the bone mineralization inhibitor NPP1 protects mice against obesity and diabetes.
Effects of Mediterranean-style diet on glycemic control, weight loss and cardiovascular risk factors among type 2 diabetes individuals: a meta-analysis.
Increased body fat mass and tissue lipotoxicity associated with ovariectomy or high-fat diet differentially affects bone and skeletal muscle metabolism in rats.
Knowledge of sugar content of sports drinks is not associated with sports drink consumption.
Maturity onset diabetes of young type 2 due to a novel de novo GKC mutation.
Does homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance have a predictive value for post-coronary artery bypass grafting surgery outcomes?
Filtered molasses concentrate from sugar cane: natural functional ingredient effective in lowering the glycaemic index and insulin response of high carbohydrate foods.
Xenin-25[Lys13PAL]: a novel long-acting acylated analogue of xenin-25 with promising antidiabetic potential.
Retrograde intrarenal surgery in pediatric patients.
The dual-specificity phosphatase 2 (DUSP2) does not regulate obesity-associated inflammation or insulin resistance in mice.
Effects of Bofu-Tsusho-San on diabetes and hyperlipidemia associated with AMP-activated protein kinase and glucose transporter 4 in high-fat-fed mice.
Glycyrrhizic acid can attenuate metabolic deviations caused by a high-sucrose diet without causing water retention in male Sprague-Dawley rats.
Percentiles of fasting serum insulin, glucose, HbA1c and HOMA-IR in pre-pubertal normal weight European children from the IDEFICS cohort.
Sestrin 3 protein enhances hepatic insulin sensitivity by direct activation of the mTORC2-Akt signaling.
Deficiency of the tumor promoter gene wip1 induces insulin resistance.
Metabolic syndrome triggered by high-fructose diet favors choroidal neovascularization and impairs retinal light sensitivity in the rat.
Cardiopulmonary bypass considerations for pediatric patients on the ketogenic diet.
Taste and physiological responses to glucosinolates: seed predator versus seed disperser.
The impact of the modified Atkins diet on lipid profiles in adults with epilepsy.
Raised incidence of ankylosing spondylitis among Inuit populations could be due to high HLA-B27 association and starch consumption.
Mapping of long-range INS promoter interactions reveals a role for calcium-activated chloride channel ANO1 in insulin secretion.
[Effect of 17β-estradiol on bioenergetic processes in the heart mitochondria of ovariectomized rats with insulin resistance].
Increasing β-cell mass requires additional stimulation for adaptation to secretory demand.
Haemostatic risk factors in dyslipidemic rabbits: role of 10-dehydrogingerdione as a new hypolipemic agent.
The effects of whole grain high-amylose maize flour as a source of resistant starch on blood glucose, satiety, and food intake in young men.
Clinically relevant strategies for lowering cardiomyocyte glucose uptake for 18F-FDG imaging of myocardial inflammation in mice.
Pharmacological and nutritional treatment for McArdle disease (Glycogen Storage Disease type V).
Histone deacetylase inhibitor, trichostatin A, improves learning and memory in high-fat diet-induced cognitive deficits in mice.
Cardiovascular diseases: oxidative damage and antioxidant protection.
Resveratrol improves high-fructose-induced vascular dysfunction in rats.
Is ingestion of Thasus gigas (Xamues) an alimentary culture or an auxiliary treatment for type II diabetes?
High variability in oral glucose tolerance among 1,128 patients with cystic fibrosis: a multicenter screening study.
Interactions between C-reactive protein genotypes with markers of nutritional status in relation to inflammation.
Effects of overnight fasting on working memory-related brain network: an fMRI study.
Hepatic insulin resistance in ob/ob mice involves increases in ceramide, aPKC activity, and selective impairment of Akt-dependent FoxO1 phosphorylation.
Aspirin-induced increase in intestinal paracellular permeability does not affect the levels of LPS in venous blood of healthy women.
Vagus nerve contributes to metabolic syndrome in high-fat diet-fed young and adult rats.
Is cooking at home associated with better diet quality or weight-loss intention?
Altered motivation masks appetitive learning potential of obese mice.
Pterocarpan-enriched soy leaf extract ameliorates insulin sensitivity and pancreatic β-cell proliferation in type 2 diabetic mice.
Sciatic nerve regeneration in rats subjected to ketogenic diet.
Multilevel control of glucose homeostasis by adenylyl cyclase 8.
Dietary glycemic index and glycemic load and risk of colorectal cancer: results from the EPIC-Italy study.
Infant formula supplemented with low protein and high carbohydrate alters the intestinal microbiota in neonatal SD rats.
Dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids increase survival and decrease bacterial load during septic Staphylococcus aureus infection and improve neutrophil function in mice.
Comparing HbA1c, fasting and 2-h plasma glucose for screening for abnormal glucose regulation in patients undergoing coronary angiography.
Growth hormone receptor antagonist transgenic mice are protected from hyperinsulinemia and glucose intolerance despite obesity when placed on a HF diet.
Pro12Ala polymorphism of the PPARγ2 gene interacts with a mediterranean diet to prevent telomere shortening in the PREDIMED-NAVARRA randomized trial.
Decreased insulin secretion and incretin concentrations and increased glucagon concentrations after a high-fat meal when compared with a high-fruit and -fiber meal.
Differential proteomic analyses of cataracts from rat models of type 1 and 2 diabetes.
Effects of acute exercise on pancreatic endocrine function in subjects with type 2 diabetes.
The influence of nighttime feeding of carbohydrate or protein combined with exercise training on appetite and cardiometabolic risk in young obese women.
Exercise ameliorates insulin resistance via Ca2+ signals distinct from those of insulin for GLUT4 translocation in skeletal muscles.
A combination of glucosyl hesperidin and caffeine exhibits an anti-obesity effect by inhibition of hepatic lipogenesis in mice.
Nutritional values and bioactive components of under-utilised vegetables consumed by indigenous people in Malaysia.
Peritoneal cavity is a route for gut-derived microbial signals to promote autoimmunity in non-obese diabetic mice.
Compositional and biochemical changes in Genestoso cheese, a Spanish raw cow's milk variety, during ripening.
Adherence to Mediterranean diet during pregnancy and serum lipid, lipoprotein and homocysteine concentrations at birth.
Investigation of the anti-inflammatory effects of safranal on high-fat diet and multiple low-dose streptozotocin induced type 2 diabetes rat model.
Cholesterol-lowering effects of oat β-glucan: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Socioeconomic determinants of dietary patterns in low- and middle-income countries: a systematic review.
Fetal hyperglycemia and a high-fat diet contribute to aberrant glucose tolerance and hematopoiesis in adult rats.
Effect of urea inclusion in diets containing corn dried distillers grains on feedlot cattle performance, carcass characteristics, ruminal fermentation, total tract digestibility, and purine derivatives-to-creatinine index.
Fattening performance, metabolic indicators, and muscle composition of bulls fed fiber-rich versus starch-plus-lipid-rich concentrate diets.
Effects of dietary glycerin inclusion at 0, 5, 10, and 15 percent of dry matter on energy metabolism and nutrient balance in finishing beef steers.
Gut microbiota of humans, dogs and cats: current knowledge and future opportunities and challenges.
Food references in UK children's magazines - an oral health perspective.
Transcriptome analysis on the inflammatory cell infiltration of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis in bama minipigs induced by a long-term high-fat, high-sucrose diet.
The social construction of competence: Conceptions of science and expertise among proponents of the low-carbohydrate high-fat diet in Finland.
Nutritional ecology of obesity: from humans to companion animals.
Correlativity between blood measures related to blood stasis blocking collaterals and gene expression of angiotensin-converting enzyme of renal cortex in diabetic rats and effect of stasis removing and collaterals dredging.
The association between insulin resistance and hepatic fibrosis in patients with chronic hepatitis C: an observational, multicenter study in Turkey.
Carbohydrate intake, glycemic index and prostate cancer risk.
Ursolic acid improves lipid and glucose metabolism in high-fat-fed C57BL/6J mice by activating peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha and hepatic autophagy.
Plasma levels of lysine, tyrosine, and valine during pregnancy are independent risk factors of insulin resistance and gestational diabetes.
Resveratrol ameliorates high glucose and high-fat/sucrose diet-induced vascular hyperpermeability involving Cav-1/eNOS regulation.
Anti-obesity effects of Taif and Egyptian pomegranates: molecular study.
Effect of a high-fat meal containing conventional or high-oleic peanuts on post-prandial lipopolysaccharide concentrations in overweight/obese men.
Improved insulin sensitivity and body composition, irrespective of macronutrient intake, after a 12 month intervention in adolescents with pre-diabetes; RESIST a randomised control trial.
Sucrose preload reduces snacking after mild mental stress in healthy participants as a function of 5-hydroxytryptamine transporter gene promoter polymorphism.
[Catalpol protect diabetic vascular endothelial function by inhibiting NADPH oxidase].
Energy and macronutrient intakes in older urban and rural Iranian adults.
A genetic risk tool for obesity predisposition assessment and personalized nutrition implementation based on macronutrient intake.
The anti-obesity effect of green tea polysaccharides, polyphenols and caffeine in rats fed with a high-fat diet.
Glycogen storage disease type III: modified Atkins diet improves myopathy.
Effects of Grifola frondosa non-polar bioactive components on high-fat diet fed and streptozotocin-induced hyperglycemic mice.
Evaluation of hypoglycemic efficacy of tangningtongluo formula, a traditional Chinese Miao medicine, in two rodent animal models.
A plant-based diet, atherogenesis, and coronary artery disease prevention.
Combining metabolomic non-targeted GC×GC-ToF-MS analysis and chemometric ASCA-based study of variances to assess dietary influence on type 2 diabetes development in a mouse model.
[Food habits and nutritional assessment in a tunisian university population].
An exploratory study on risk factors for chronic non-communicable diseases among adolescents in Malaysia: overview of the Malaysian Health and Adolescents Longitudinal Research Team study (The MyHeART study).
[Effects of high-fat diet on FABP2 mRNA expression in small intestinal tissue of young rats].
Effects of HDL-modifiers on cardiovascular outcomes: a meta-analysis of randomized trials.
C16:0-ceramide signals insulin resistance.
Pregestational maternal obesity impairs endocrine pancreas in male F1 and F2 progeny.
Diet and its relationship to sarcopenia in community dwelling Iranian elderly: a cross sectional study.
Relative validity and reproducibility of a food frequency questionnaire for identifying the dietary patterns of toddlers in New Zealand.
Rheological characteristics of cold thickened beverages containing xanthan gum-based food thickeners used for dysphagia diets.
The nutrient composition of European ready meals: protein, fat, total carbohydrates and energy.
Dietary phytic acid modulates characteristics of the colonic luminal environment and reduces serum levels of proinflammatory cytokines in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Gallic acid attenuates high-fat diet fed-streptozotocin-induced insulin resistance via partial agonism of PPARγ in experimental type 2 diabetic rats and enhances glucose uptake through translocation and activation of GLUT4 in PI3K/p-Akt signaling pathway.
L-Carnitine intake prevents irregular feeding-induced obesity and lipid metabolism disorder.
1-deoxynojirimycin isolated from Bacillus subtilis improves hepatic lipid metabolism and mitochondrial function in high-fat-fed mice.
QCM-4, a 5-HT₃ receptor antagonist ameliorates plasma HPA axis hyperactivity, leptin resistance and brain oxidative stress in depression and anxiety-like behavior in obese mice.
Environmental enrichment and cafeteria diet attenuate the response to chronic variable stress in rats.
Metabolic responses to dietary fatty acids in obese women.
Chronic exposure to low dose bacterial lipopolysaccharide inhibits leptin signaling in vagal afferent neurons.
Hypoglycemic effect of deoxynojirimycin-polysaccharide on high fat diet and streptozotocin-induced diabetic mice via regulation of hepatic glucose metabolism.
Vector competence of Aedes aegypti mosquitoes for filarial nematodes is affected by age and nutrient limitation.
Relationship between fructose and lactose intakes and functional gastrointestinal symptoms in a sample of 50-year-old Cantabrians in New Zealand.
Self-monitoring blood glucose test strip use with diabetes medicines in people with types 1 and 2 diabetes in New Zealand.
The development of diet-induced obesity and associated metabolic impairments in Dj-1 deficient mice.
Antagonism of gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP) by palmitoylation of GIP analogues with N- and C-terminal modifications improves obesity and metabolic control in high fat fed mice.
Effect of media milling on lipid-lowering and antioxidant activities of chitosan.
Antioxidant supplementation can reduce the survival costs of excess amino acid intake in honeybees.
Dietary effects on liver tumor burden in mice treated with the hepatocellular carcinogen diethylnitrosamine.
Short-lived diabetes in the young-adult ZDF rat does not exacerbate neuronal Ca(2+) biomarkers of aging.
Hepatic protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B (PTP1B) deficiency protects against obesity-induced endothelial dysfunction.
Effect of maternal use of flaxseed oil during pregnancy and lactation on glucose metabolism and pancreas histomorphometry of male offspring from diabetic rats.
ARTD1-induced poly-ADP-ribose formation enhances PPARγ ligand binding and co-factor exchange.
Glucagon-like peptide-1 and blood pressure in young and healthy adults from the general population.
Hyperinsulinemia is associated with the loss of appendicular skeletal muscle mass at 4.6 year follow-up in older men and women.
Impact of personalized diet and probiotic supplementation on inflammation, nutritional parameters and intestinal microbiota - The 'RISTOMED project': Randomized controlled trial in healthy older people.
Consumption of a high glycemic load but not a high glycemic index diet is marginally associated with oxidative stress in young women.
Epigallocatechin gallate prevents inflammation by reducing macrophage infiltration and inhibiting tumor necrosis factor-α signaling in the pancreas of rats on a high-fat diet.
4-Hydroxyisoleucine improves insulin resistance by promoting mitochondrial biogenesis and act through AMPK and Akt dependent pathway.
Plasma ascorbic acid concentrations in prevalent patients with end-stage renal disease on hemodialysis.
High-fat diets and seizure control in myoclonic-astatic epilepsy: a single center's experience.
Purification, characterization and anti-diabetic activity of a polysaccharide from mulberry leaf.
Role of the adenosine system and glucose restriction in the acute anticonvulsant effect of caprylic acid in the 6 Hz psychomotor seizure test in mice.
Effects of lutein-enriched egg yolk in buttermilk or skimmed milk on serum lipids &amp; lipoproteins of mildly hypercholesterolemic subjects.
IRE1 impairs insulin signaling transduction of fructose-fed mice via JNK independent of excess lipid.
The flavonoid quercetin: possible solution for anthracycline-induced cardiotoxicity and multidrug resistance.
Magainin-AM2 improves glucose homeostasis and beta cell function in high-fat fed mice.
Inhibition of AMP deaminase activity does not improve glucose control in rodent models of insulin resistance or diabetes.
Effect of dietary starch level and high rumen-undegradable protein on endocrine-metabolic status, milk yield, and milk composition in dairy cows during early and late lactation.
Ketogenic diets as an adjuvant cancer therapy: History and potential mechanism.
Circulating levels of environmental contaminants are associated with dietary patterns in older adults.
High consumption of fructose rather than glucose promotes a diet-induced obese phenotype in Drosophila melanogaster.
Defective mitophagy driven by dysregulation of rheb and KIF5B contributes to mitochondrial reactive oxygen species (ROS)-induced nod-like receptor 3 (NLRP3) dependent proinflammatory response and aggravates lipotoxicity.
Relationship between serum ferritin level and blood mercury concentration using data from the Korean national health and nutrition examination survey (2010-2012).
Activating brown adipose tissue for weight loss and lowering of blood glucose levels: a microPET study using obese and diabetic model mice.
Absolute change in fasting plasma glucose over 12 months is associated with 2-year and 5-year major adverse cardiovascular events in patients with drug-eluting stent implants.
Effect of dietary starch concentration and fish oil supplementation on milk yield and composition, diet digestibility, and methane emissions in lactating dairy cows.
Effect of corn silage particle size and supplemental hay on rumen pH and feed preference by dairy cows fed high-starch diets.
Effects of dietary starch content and rate of fermentation on methane production in lactating dairy cows.
Effects of corn-based diet starch content and neutral detergent fiber source on lactation performance, digestibility, and bacterial protein flow in dairy cows.
Epinephrine-stimulated glycogen breakdown activates glycogen synthase and increases insulin-stimulated glucose uptake in epitrochlearis muscles.
Adipocyte-specific IKKβ signaling suppresses adipose tissue inflammation through an IL-13-dependent paracrine feedback pathway.
Effects of total vitamin A, vitamin C, and fruit intake on risk for metabolic syndrome in Korean women and men.
Effect of glutamine supplementation on cardiovascular risk factors in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Study of the effects of a diet supplemented with active components on lipid and glycemic profiles.
Exploring the relationship between preferences for high fat foods and efficacy of the ketogenic and modified Atkins diets among children with seizure disorders.
Lard-based high-fat diet increases secretory leukocyte protease inhibitor expression and attenuates the inflammatory response of acute lung injury in endotoxemic rats.
Maintenance of energy expenditure on high-protein vs. high-carbohydrate diets at a constant body weight may prevent a positive energy balance.
Root caries, root surface restorations and lifestyle factors in adult Danes.
Modest hyperglycemia prevents interstitial dispersion of insulin in skeletal muscle.
Maternal diet but not gestational weight gain predicts central adiposity accretion in utero among pregnant adolescents.
Metabolic syndrome parameters in adolescents may be determinants for the future periodontal diseases.
Genetic basis of dyslipidemia in disease precipitation of coronary artery disease (CAD) associated type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM).
PKA Enhances the Acute Insulin Response Leading to the Restoration of Glucose Control.
Salsalate activates brown adipose tissue in mice.
Erythrocytes in the combined milieu of high glucose and high cholesterol shows glycosaminoglycan-dependent cytoadherence to extracellular matrix components.
Gender differences in effectiveness of the Complete Health Improvement Program (CHIP) lifestyle intervention: an Australasian study.
Inhibition of type I natural killer T cells by retinoids or following sulfatide-mediated activation of type II natural killer T cells attenuates alcoholic liver disease in mice.
Excessive refined carbohydrates and scarce micronutrients intakes increase inflammatory mediators and insulin resistance in prepubertal and pubertal obese children independently of obesity.
Dietary intakes and leptin concentrations.
Plasma gelsolin levels decrease in diabetic state and increase upon treatment with F-actin depolymerizing versions of gelsolin.
Effects of maternal LPS exposure during pregnancy on metabolic phenotypes in female offspring.
Transient decrements in mood during energy deficit are independent of dietary protein-to-carbohydrate ratio.
Butyrylated starch affects colorectal cancer markers beneficially and dose-dependently in genotoxin-treated rats.
Beneficial effects of tigerinin-1R on glucose homeostasis and beta cell function in mice with diet-induced obesity-diabetes.
Metformin alleviates hepatosteatosis by restoring SIRT1-mediated autophagy induction via an AMP-activated protein kinase-independent pathway.
ACE2 deficiency shifts energy metabolism towards glucose utilization.
Intermittent access to liquid sucrose differentially modulates energy intake and related central pathways in control or high-fat fed mice.
Gluten sensitivity: new epidemic or new myth?
Comparison of rapamycin schedules in mice on high-fat diet.
Eating high fat chow, but not drinking sucrose or saccharin, enhances the development of sensitization to the locomotor effects of cocaine in adolescent female rats.
A vaccine targeted at CETP alleviates high fat and high cholesterol diet-induced atherosclerosis and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in rabbit.
Quantitative gastrointestinal and psychological traits associated with obesity and response to weight-loss therapy.
Withdrawal of dietary phytoestrogens in adult male rats affects hypothalamic regulation of food intake, induces obesity and alters glucose metabolism.
Uric acid promotes left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in mice fed a Western diet.
Cholesterol-induced inflammation and macrophage accumulation in adipose tissue is reduced by a low carbohydrate diet in guinea pigs.
Hypoglycemic, antihyperglycemic, and antioxidant effects of the edible plant Anoda cristata.
Overexpression of sphingosine kinase 1 in liver reduces triglyceride content in mice fed a low but not high-fat diet.
High amylose resistant starch diet ameliorates oxidative stress, inflammation, and progression of chronic kidney disease.
An appraisal of eighteen commonly consumed edible plants as functional food based on their antioxidant and starch hydrolase inhibitory activities.
The cholesterol-lowering agent methyl-β-cyclodextrin promotes glucose uptake via GLUT4 in adult muscle fibers and reduces insulin resistance in obese mice.
Association of dietary glycemic index and glycemic load with endometrial cancer risk among Chinese women.
Long-term efficacy and safety of canagliflozin over 104 weeks in patients aged 55-80 years with type 2 diabetes.
Fructose containing sugars do not raise blood pressure or uric acid at normal levels of human consumption.
Examination of the perception of sweet- and bitter-like taste qualities in sucralose preferring and avoiding rats.
Physiological roles for mafr-1 in reproduction and lipid homeostasis.
27-Hydroxycholesterol up-regulates CD14 and predisposes monocytic cells to superproduction of CCL2 in response to lipopolysaccharide.
Effects of egg ingestion on endothelial function in adults with coronary artery disease: a randomized, controlled, crossover trial.
Leptin resistance and diet-induced obesity: central and peripheral actions of leptin.
Effect of increasing body condition on key regulators of fat metabolism in subcutaneous adipose tissue depot and circulation of nonlactating dairy cows.
The effect of hybrid type and dietary proportions of corn silage on the lactation performance of high-producing dairy cows.
Glucose excursions and glycaemic control during Ramadan fasting in diabetic patients: insights from continuous glucose monitoring (CGM).
Effect of prenatal exposure to LPS combined with pre- and post-natal high-fat diet on hippocampus in rat offspring.
Wild blueberries (Vaccinium myrtillus) alleviate inflammation and hypertension associated with developing obesity in mice fed with a high-fat diet.
Metatranscriptomic analyses of plant cell wall polysaccharide degradation by microorganisms in the cow rumen.
A high-fat diet modulates iron metabolism but does not promote liver fibrosis in hemochromatotic Hjv⁻/⁻ mice.
A model of metabolic syndrome and related diseases with intestinal endotoxemia in rats fed a high fat and high sucrose diet.
Amelioration of high fat diet-induced glucose intolerance by blockade of Smad4 in pancreatic beta-cells.
Fasting blood glucose, but not 2-h postload blood glucose or HbA1c, is associated with mild decline in estimated glomerular filtration rate in healthy Chinese.
Hydrodynamic delivery of interleukin 15 gene promotes resistance to high fat diet-induced obesity, fatty liver and improves glucose homeostasis.
Hepatic Phosphoserine Aminotransferase 1 Regulates Insulin Sensitivity in Mice via Tribbles Homolog 3.
Metabolic syndrome exacerbates inflammation and bone loss in periodontitis.
PCSK7 genotype modifies effect of a weight-loss diet on 2-year changes of insulin resistance: the POUNDS LOST trial.
Healthy dietary interventions and lipoprotein (a) plasma levels: results from the Omni Heart Trial.
Nutrients differentially regulate nucleobindin-2/nesfatin-1 in vitro in cultured stomach ghrelinoma (MGN3-1) cells and in vivo in male mice.
Correlativity between blood measures related to blood stasis blocking collaterals and gene expression of angiotensin-converting enzyme of renal cortex in diabetic rats and effect of stasis removing and collaterals dredging.
Energy and macronutrient intakes in older urban and rural Iranian adults.
AMPD1: a novel therapeutic target for reversing insulin resistance.
Characterization and effect of year of harvest on the nutritional properties of three varieties of white lupine (Lupinus albus L.).
Effects of high vs low glycemic index of dietary carbohydrate on cardiovascular disease risk factors and insulin sensitivity: the OmniCarb randomized clinical trial.
Carbohydrates and obesity: from evidence to policy in the UK.
Management trajectories in the type 2 diabetes Integrated Delivery System project in Taiwan: accounting for behavioral therapy, nutrition education and therapeutics.
Water and nutrient intake in pregnant New Zealand women: association with wheeze in their infants at 18 months.
Glucosamine enhances body weight gain and reduces insulin response in mice fed chow diet but mitigates obesity, insulin resistance and impaired glucose tolerance in mice high-fat diet.
Fiber-type-specific sensitivities and phenotypic adaptations to dietary fat overload differentially impact fast- versus slow-twitch muscle contractile function in C57BL/6J mice.
Lipidome of atherosclerotic plaques from hypercholesterolemic rabbits.
[Effect of acupoint-catgut-embedding intervention on type II diabetic rats].
Gut microbiota and energy balance: role in obesity.
Carbonyl trapping and antiglycative activities of olive oil mill wastewater.
Novel strategies for capturing health-protective mango phytochemicals in shelf stable food matrices.
Impact of nutrients on circadian rhythmicity.
Pleiotropic actions of iron balance in diabetes mellitus.
Ablation of insulin-producing cells prevents obesity but not premature mortality caused by a high-sugar diet in Drosophila.
FABP4 is secreted from adipocytes by adenyl cyclase-PKA- and guanylyl cyclase-PKG-dependent lipolytic mechanisms.
Body composition changes were related to nutrient intakes in elderly men but elderly women had a higher prevalence of sarcopenic obesity in a population of Korean adults.
Influence of bariatric surgery on the expression of nesfatin-1 in rats with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effects comparison between low glycemic index diets and high glycemic index diets on HbA1c and fructosamine for patients with diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Metagenomic-based study of the phylogenetic and functional gene diversity in Galápagos land and marine iguanas.
Transthyretin Antisense Oligonucleotides Lower Circulating RBP4 Levels and Improve Insulin Sensitivity in Obese Mice.
Nutritional physiology of life-history trade-offs: how food protein-carbohydrate content influences life-history traits in the wing-polymorphic cricket Gryllus firmus.
Relationship between the intake of energy and basic nutrients and the BMI values in group of children aged 10-12.
Low vitamin C values are linked with decreased physical performance and increased oxidative stress: reversal by vitamin C supplementation.
Embryonic development of Rhynchophorus palmarum (Coleoptera: Curculionidae): dynamics of energy source utilization.
Metformin beyond diabetes: pleiotropic benefits of metformin in attenuation of atherosclerosis.
A dietary guideline adherence score is positively associated with dietary biomarkers but not lipid profile in healthy children.
Dietary substitutions for refined carbohydrate that show promise for reducing risk of type 2 diabetes in men and women.
A lower-carbohydrate, higher-fat diet reduces abdominal and intermuscular fat and increases insulin sensitivity in adults at risk of type 2 diabetes.
Energy and nutrient density of foods in relation to their carbon footprint.
Short-term moderate exercise provides long-lasting protective effects against metabolic dysfunction in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Eicosapentaenoic acid modulates fatty acid metabolism and inflammation in Psammomys obesus.
High-oleic canola oil consumption enriches LDL particle cholesteryl oleate content and reduces LDL proteoglycan binding in humans.
Allopurinol alleviates hypertension and proteinuria in high fructose, high salt and high fat induced model of metabolic syndrome.
Sugar reduction of skim chocolate milk and viability of alternative sweetening through lactose hydrolysis.
Prostate hyperplasia caused by long-term obesity is characterized by high deposition of extracellular matrix and increased content of MMP-9 and VEGF.
Diosgenin reorganises hyperglycaemia and distorted tissue lipid profile in high-fat diet-streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Comparative microRNA expression profiles of cynomolgus monkeys, rat, and human reveal that mir-182 is involved in T2D pathogenic processes.
Sugar intake, obesity, and diabetes in India.
Influence of dietary tender cluster beans (Cyamopsis tetragonoloba) on biliary proteins, bile acid synthesis and cholesterol crystal growth in rat bile.
The liver-selective NO donor, V-PYRRO/NO, protects against liver steatosis and improves postprandial glucose tolerance in mice fed high fat diet.
Perceptions and dietary intake of self-described healthy and unhealthy eaters with severe mental illness.
Arsenic in rice: a cause for concern.
Sex differences in renal and metabolic responses to a high-fructose diet in mice.
Distinct gene signatures in aortic tissue from ApoE-/- mice exposed to pathogens or Western diet.
The role of higher protein diets in weight control and obesity-related comorbidities.
Ameliorative potential of omega 3 fatty acids and HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors on experimentally-induced non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Effect of chronic p,p'-dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene (DDE) exposure on high fat diet-induced alterations in glucose and lipid metabolism in male C57BL/6H mice.
The beneficial effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on diet induced obesity and impaired glucose control do not require Gpr120.
Increasing fatty acid oxidation remodels the hypothalamic neurometabolome to mitigate stress and inflammation.
Prenatal metformin exposure in a maternal high fat diet mouse model alters the transcriptome and modifies the metabolic responses of the offspring.
Ameliorative effect of nicorandil on high fat diet induced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in rats.
Magainin-related peptides stimulate insulin-release and improve glucose tolerance in high fat fed mice.
Associations between meal size, gastric emptying and post-prandial plasma glucose, insulin and lactate concentrations in meal-fed cats.
Conditional knockout of prolyl hydroxylase domain protein 2 attenuates high fat-diet-induced cardiac dysfunction in mice.
Fat and starch as additive risk factors for milk fat depression in dairy diets containing corn dried distillers grains with solubles.
Effects of various starch feeding regimens on responses of dairy cows to intramammary lipopolysaccharide infusion.
Effect of replacing corn with hulled and hulless or low-amylose hulless barley varieties on growth performance and carcass quality of Italian growing-finishing pig.
CETP genotype and changes in lipid levels in response to weight-loss diet intervention in the POUNDS LOST and DIRECT randomized trials.
Limited mitochondrial capacity of visceral versus subcutaneous white adipocytes in male C57BL/6N mice.
Dietary habits and hearing.
The chromosome 9p21 variant interacts with vegetable and wine intake to influence the risk of cardiovascular disease: a population based cohort study.
Integrated 18F-FDG PET/MR imaging in the assessment of cardiac masses: a pilot study.
Food composition influences metabolism, heart rate and organ growth during digestion in Python regius.
Effect of high-fat or high-glucose diet on obesity and visceral adipose tissue in mice.
Osteopetrosis in obese female rats is site-specifically inhibited by physical training.
Effect of High Dietary Carbohydrate on the Growth Performance, Blood Chemistry, Hepatic Enzyme Activities and Growth Hormone Gene Expression of Wuchang Bream (Megalobrama amblycephala) at Two Temperatures.
Diastolic function of the right ventricle is impaired in experimental type 2 diabetic rat models.
Effects of daily almond consumption on cardiometabolic risk and abdominal adiposity in healthy adults with elevated LDL-cholesterol: a randomized controlled trial.
Sodium butyrate epigenetically modulates high-fat diet-induced skeletal muscle mitochondrial adaptation, obesity and insulin resistance through nucleosome positioning.
The influence of bromocryptine treatment on activity of the adenylyl cyclase system in the brain of rats with type 2 diabetes mellitus induced by high-fat diet.
The involvement of gut microbiota in inflammatory bowel disease pathogenesis: potential for therapy.
Reduction of post-prandial hyperglycemia by mulberry tea in type-2 diabetes patients.
Fasting glucose and glucose tolerance as potential predictors of neurocognitive function among nondiabetic older adults.
Prevention and reversal of lipotoxicity-induced hepatic insulin resistance and steatohepatitis in mice by an antioxidant carotenoid, β-cryptoxanthin.
A cross-over experiment to investigate possible mechanisms for lower BMIs in people who habitually eat breakfast.
The relationship between amount of soda consumed and intention to reduce soda consumption among adults exposed to the Choose Health LA 'Sugar Pack' health marketing campaign.
Dietary changes associated with improvement of metabolic syndrome components in postmenopausal women receiving two different nutrition interventions.
Effects of a high-caloric diet and physical exercise on brain metabolite levels: a combined proton MRS and histologic study.
Descriptive and hedonic analyses of low-Phe food formulations containing corn (Zea mays) seedling roots: toward development of a dietary supplement for individuals with phenylketonuria.
Dietary patterns in relation to stroke among Iranians: a case-control study.
Sleeve Gastrectomy Does Not Cause Hypertrophy and Reprogramming of Intestinal Glucose Metabolism in Rats.
Metabolic syndrome risk factors are associated with white rice intake in Korean adolescent girls and boys.
BBT improves glucose homeostasis by ameliorating β-cell dysfunction in type 2 diabetic mice.
The product of triglycerides and glucose in comparison with fasting plasma glucose did not improve diabetes prediction.
Effect of garlic powder tablet on carotid intima-media thickness in patients with coronary artery disease: a preliminary randomized controlled trial.
Relationship between β-cell function, metabolic control, and microvascular complications in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Bile Routing Modification Reproduces Key Features of Gastric Bypass in Rat.
Gene expression profile of high-fat diet-fed C57BL/6J mice: in search of potential role of azelaic acid.
Maternal taurine supplementation attenuates maternal fructose-induced metabolic and inflammatory dysregulation and partially reverses adverse metabolic programming in offspring.
A study of gender-wise risk association between fatty liver and metabolic syndrome components (Asia-Pacific criteria) in a South Indian urban cohort.
PPARα via HNF4α regulates the expression of genes encoding hepatic amino acid catabolizing enzymes to maintain metabolic homeostasis.
Fenofibrate (PPARalpha agonist) induces beige cell formation in subcutaneous white adipose tissue from diet-induced male obese mice.
Silencing of activin receptor-like kinase 7 alleviates aortic stiffness in type 2 diabetic rats.
Saturated fat and cholesterol are critical to inducing murine metabolic syndrome with robust nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
Adipose fatty acid oxidation is required for thermogenesis and potentiates oxidative stress-induced inflammation.
The effectiveness of two community-based weight loss strategies among obese, low-income US Latinos.
The GLP-1 analogue exenatide improves hepatic and muscle insulin sensitivity in diabetic rats: tracer studies in the basal state and during hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp.
Structure-function relationship of the milk fat globule.
Metabolic syndrome in patients with coeliac disease on a gluten-free diet.
Colorectal adenomas and diabetes: implications for disease prevention.
Loss of FFA2 and FFA3 increases insulin secretion and improves glucose tolerance in type 2 diabetes.
In vitro fermentation of total mixed diets differing in concentrate proportion: relative effects of inocula and substrates.
Metabolic syndrome a widespread threatening condition; risk factors, diagnostic criteria, therapeutic options, prevention and controversies: an overview.
Dehydrozingerone exerts beneficial metabolic effects in high-fat diet-induced obese mice via AMPK activation in skeletal muscle.
Characterization of attenuated food motivation in high-fat diet-induced obesity: Critical roles for time on diet and reinforcer familiarity.
Higher blood aldosterone level in metabolic syndrome is independently related to adiposity and fasting plasma glucose.
A genome-wide association study for nutritional indices in Drosophila.
The effect of isorhamnetin glycosides extracted from Opuntia ficus-indica in a mouse model of diet induced obesity.
Effects of total fibre or resistant starch-rich diets within lifestyle intervention in obese prediabetic adults.
Activation of cellular apoptosis in the caecal epithelium is associated with increased oxidative reactions in lactating goats after feeding a high-concentrate diet.
Modulation of diabetes and dyslipidemia in diabetic insulin-resistant rats by mangiferin: role of adiponectin and TNF-α.
Associations of blood pressure with common factors among left-behind farmers in rural China: a cross-sectional study using quantile regression analysis.
High dietary acid load is associated with increased prevalence of hypertension: the Furukawa Nutrition and Health Study.
Induction of histone H3K4 methylation at the promoter, enhancer, and transcribed regions of the Si and Sglt1 genes in rat jejunum in response to a high-starch/low-fat diet.
Re. 'Fructose content in popular beverages made with and without high fructose corn syrup'.
Effects of culinary spices and psychological stress on postprandial lipemia and lipase activity: results of a randomized crossover study and in vitro experiments.
Candy consumption patterns, effects on health, and behavioral strategies to promote moderation: summary report of a roundtable discussion.
Carbohydrate Intake, Glycemic Index, Glycemic Load, and Stroke: A Meta-analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies.
Integrin α1-null mice exhibit improved fatty liver when fed a high fat diet despite severe hepatic insulin resistance.
Inhibition of prolyl hydroxylase 3 ameliorates cardiac dysfunction in diabetic cardiomyopathy.
Neuroanatomical and functional characterization of CRF neurons of the amygdala using a novel transgenic mouse model.
Metagenomic insights into the effects of fructo-oligosaccharides (FOS) on the composition of fecal microbiota in mice.
Helichrysum and Grapefruit Extracts Boost Weight Loss in Overweight Rats Reducing Inflammation.
Role of FXR in β-cells of lean and obese mice.
Myocardial 14-3-3η protein protects against mitochondria mediated apoptosis.
The anti-obesity and anti-diabetic effects of kaempferol glycosides from unripe soybean leaves in high-fat-diet mice.
Protective effect of rhGLP-1 (7-36) on brain ischemia/reperfusion damage in diabetic rats.
Dietary treatment of irritable bowel syndrome.
The rs340874 PROX1 type 2 diabetes mellitus risk variant is associated with visceral fat accumulation and alterations in postprandial glucose and lipid metabolism.
Pattern of beverage intake and milk and dairy products sufficiency among high-school students in Kuwait.
Is there a role for oral or intravenous ascorbate (vitamin C) in treating patients with cancer? A systematic review.
Palmitate activation by fatty acid transport protein 4 as a model system for hepatocellular apoptosis and steatosis.
[Effects of exercise and diet intervention on oxidative stress in insulin resistant rat].
Validity of electronic diet recording nutrient estimates compared to dietitian analysis of diet records: randomized controlled trial.
Dairy product consumption and the metabolic syndrome.
Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibition ameliorates Western diet-induced hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance through hepatic lipid remodeling and modulation of hepatic mitochondrial function.
Hepatic expression of the Sptlc3 subunit of serine palmitoyltransferase is associated with the development of hepatocellular carcinoma in a mouse model of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
Nedd4 haploinsufficient mice display moderate insulin resistance, enhanced lipolysis, and protection against high-fat diet-induced obesity.
PPARγ links maternal malnutrition and abnormal glucose and lipid metabolism in the offspring of mice.
Protein and carbohydrate intake influence sperm number and fertility in male cockroaches, but not sperm viability.
High dietary intake of vitamin C suppresses age-related thymic atrophy and contributes to the maintenance of immune cells in vitamin C-deficient senescence marker protein-30 knockout mice.
Glucose metabolism and gene expression in juvenile zebrafish (Danio rerio) challenged with a high carbohydrate diet: effects of an acute glucose stimulus during late embryonic life.
Amino acid metabolism in intestinal bacteria and its potential implications for mammalian reproduction.
AMPKα is critical for enhancing skeletal muscle fatty acid utilization during in vivo exercise in mice.
Potent effects of dioscin against obesity in mice.
A randomized study of raisins versus alternative snacks on glycemic control and other cardiovascular risk factors in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Physiological and molecular responses of the spiny dogfish shark (Squalus acanthias) to high environmental ammonia: scavenging for nitrogen.
[Effect of total glucosides of paeony on Wnt/β-catenin signal transduction pathway expression in kidney of diabetic rats].
Biological activities of salvianolic acid B from Salvia miltiorrhiza on type 2 diabetes induced by high-fat diet and streptozotocin.
Mice fed fish oil diet and upregulation of brown adipose tissue thermogenic markers.
Estimated effects of white rice consumption and rice variety selection on incidence of type 2 diabetes in Cambodia.
Transcription factor TIP27 regulates glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity in a PI3-kinase/Akt-dependent manner in mice.
Higher iron pearl millet (Pennisetum glaucum L.) provides more absorbable iron that is limited by increased polyphenolic content.
Carnitine-acylcarnitine translocase deficiency: experience with four cases in Spain and review of the literature.
Marine fish oils are not equivalent with respect to B-cell membrane organization and activation.
Resistant starch alters colonic contractility and expression of related genes in rats fed a Western diet.
Nutritional adequacy according to carbohydrates and fat quality.
Nutrient balancing of the adult worker bumblebee (Bombus terrestris) depends on the dietary source of essential amino acids.
Camel milk attenuates the biochemical and morphological features of diabetic nephropathy: inhibition of Smad1 and collagen type IV synthesis.
[Fifth Jesús Culebras Lecture; Tree nuts: effects on health, obesity and metabolic syndrome].
Fructose intake: is there an association with uric acid levels in nondialysis-dependent chronic kidney disease patients?
Genetic manipulation of cardiac Hsp72 levels does not alter substrate metabolism but reveals insights into high-fat feeding-induced cardiac insulin resistance.
Catechin and quercetin attenuate adipose inflammation in fructose-fed rats and 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
Evaluation of hypoglycemic effects of polyphenols and extracts from Penthorum chinense.
Effect of cigarette smoking on insulin resistance risk.
[Medical nutritional concepts for obesity].
Regulation of nutrition-associated receptors in blood monocytes of normal weight and obese humans.
Wholegrain barley β-glucan fermentation does not improve glucose tolerance in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Niacin-induced hyperglycemia is partially mediated via niacin receptor GPR109a in pancreatic islets.
Vasopressin and hydration play a major role in the development of glucose intolerance and hepatic steatosis in obese rats.
A qualitative investigation of patients' understanding of carbohydrate in the clinical management of type 2 diabetes.
Pharmacological attenuation of chronic alcoholic pancreatitis induced hypersensitivity in rats.
Lipid abnormalities in alpha/beta2-syntrophin null mice are independent from ABCA1.
Ameliorative effect of eprosartan on high-fat diet/streptozotocin-induced early diabetic nephropathy in rats.
Central inhibition of IKKβ/NF-κB signaling attenuates high-fat diet-induced obesity and glucose intolerance.
Public perception and characteristics related to acceptance of the sugar-sweetened beverage taxation launched in France in 2012.
Fatty acid-binding protein 5 regulates diet-induced obesity via GIP secretion from enteroendocrine K cells in response to fat ingestion.
The effect of the Malaysian Food Guideline guidance on a group of overweight and obese women during Ramadan.
New insights into seaweed polyphenols on glucose homeostasis.
Probiotic supplementation prevents high-fat, overfeeding-induced insulin resistance in human subjects.
Dietary patterns associated with HbA1c and LDL cholesterol among individuals with type 1 diabetes in China.
Green tea changes serum and liver metabolomic profiles in mice with high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Lipids in hepatic glycogen storage diseases: pathophysiology, monitoring of dietary management and future directions.
Diet is critical for prolonged glycemic control after short-term insulin treatment in high-fat diet-induced type 2 diabetic male mice.
Non-hemodynamic predictors of arterial stiffness after 17 years of follow-up: the Malmö Diet and Cancer study.
Bioavailability of magnesium from inorganic and organic compounds is similar in rats fed a high phytic acid diet.
A hypothetical role for vitamin K2 in the endocrine and exocrine aspects of dental caries.
Consumption of a whey protein-enriched diet may prevent hepatic steatosis associated with weight gain in elderly women.
Nutritional and sensory evaluation of a complementary food formulated from rice, faba beans, sweet potato flour, and peanut oil.
Added fructose: a principal driver of type 2 diabetes mellitus and its consequences.
Involvement of the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex in high-fat food conditioning in adolescent mice.
Intestinal microbiota and immune related genes in sea cucumber (Apostichopus japonicus) response to dietary β-glucan supplementation.
Effects of high fructose and salt feeding on systematic metabonome probed via (1) H NMR spectroscopy.
Dietary apigenin reduces LPS-induced expression of miR-155 restoring immune balance during inflammation.
Omega-3 fatty acids protect from diet-induced obesity, glucose intolerance, and adipose tissue inflammation through PPARγ-dependent and PPARγ-independent actions.
Neural responses to macronutrients: hedonic and homeostatic mechanisms.
FTO gene variation, macronutrient intake and coronary heart disease risk: a gene-diet interaction analysis.
Distinct gut microbiota of healthy children from two different geographic regions of Thailand.
Wheat alkylresorcinols suppress high-fat, high-sucrose diet-induced obesity and glucose intolerance by increasing insulin sensitivity and cholesterol excretion in male mice.
Increased whole grain consumption does not affect blood biochemistry, body composition, or gut microbiology in healthy, low-habitual whole grain consumers.
Effects of ferulic acid and γ-oryzanol on high-fat and high-fructose diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rats.
Sodium and sugar in complementary infant and toddler foods sold in the United States.
Seaweed supplements normalise metabolic, cardiovascular and liver responses in high-carbohydrate, high-fat fed rats.
Dietary adequacy among rural Yup'ik women in western Alaska.
A low-fat high-carbohydrate diet reduces plasma total adiponectin concentrations compared to a moderate-fat diet with no impact on biomarkers of systemic inflammation in a randomized controlled feeding study.
Validation of an approach to predict total-tract fiber digestibility using a standardized in vitro technique for different diets fed to high-producing dairy cows.
Dietary patterns are associated with prevalence of fatty liver disease in adults.
Effects of dietary organic chromium and vitamin C supplementation on performance, immune responses, blood metabolites, and stress status of laying hens subjected to high stocking density.
Genetic architecture of insulin resistance in the mouse.
Dietary patterns interact with APOA1/APOC3 polymorphisms to alter the risk of the metabolic syndrome: the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study.
Total aralosides of aralia elata (Miq) seem (TASAES) ameliorate nonalcoholic steatohepatitis by modulating IRE1α-mediated JNK and NF-κB pathways in ApoE-/- mice.
Effect of transient blood glucose increases after oral glucose intake on the human urinary proteome.
An ecological perspective on diabetes self-care support, self-management behaviors, and hemoglobin A1C among Latinos.
Down-regulation of monocarboxylate transporter 1 (MCT1) gene expression in the colon of piglets is linked to bacterial protein fermentation and pro-inflammatory cytokine-mediated signalling.
MicroRNA-214 suppresses gluconeogenesis by targeting activating transcriptional factor 4.
Increased energy intake and a shift towards high-fat, non-staple high-carbohydrate foods amongst China's older adults, 1991-2009.
Temporal relationship between diet-induced steatosis and onset of insulin/leptin resistance in male Wistar rats.
Transcriptional regulation and adaptation to a high-fiber environment in Bacillus subtilis HH2 isolated from feces of the giant panda.
Characterization of the gut microbiota of Papua New Guineans using reverse transcription quantitative PCR.
Induction of peroxisomes by butyrate-producing probiotics.
L-proline increases survival of tilapias infected by Streptococcus agalactiae in higher water temperature.
Antihyperglycemic activity of Anoectochilus roxburghii polysaccharose in diabetic mice induced by high-fat diet and streptozotocin.
Gastric bypass in rats does not decrease appetitive behavior towards sweet or fatty fluids despite blunting preferential intake of sugar and fat.
Peripheral blood mononuclear cells as a source to detect markers of homeostatic alterations caused by the intake of diets with an unbalanced macronutrient composition.
Beneficial effects of neomangiferin on high fat diet-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in rats.
Hepatic acetyl CoA links adipose tissue inflammation to hepatic insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes.
Weaning triggers a maturation step of pancreatic β cells.
Does the stoichiometric carbon:phosphorus knife edge apply for predaceous copepods?
Dairy product consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes in an elderly Spanish Mediterranean population at high cardiovascular risk.
Association of G1359A polymorphism of the cannabinoid receptor gene (CNR1) with macronutrient intakes in obese females.
[Construction of yeast strains expressing long-acting glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) and their therapeutic effects on type 2 diabetes mellitus mouse model].
Mitochondria: The ketogenic diet--A metabolism-based therapy.
Defective NOD2 peptidoglycan sensing promotes diet-induced inflammation, dysbiosis, and insulin resistance.
Nonpharmacologic treatment of functional abdominal pain disorders: a systematic review.
Regulation of P21 during diabetes-associated stress of the endoplasmic reticulum.
Screening for dysglycaemia in patients with coronary artery disease as reflected by fasting glucose, oral glucose tolerance test, and HbA1c: a report from EUROASPIRE IV--a survey from the European Society of Cardiology.
AMPK binds to Sestrins and mediates the effect of exercise to increase insulin-sensitivity through autophagy.
High-fat diet combined with low-dose streptozotocin injections induces metabolic syndrome in Macaca mulatta.
High-fat diet causes bone loss in young mice by promoting osteoclastogenesis through alteration of the bone marrow environment.
The Measurement and Interpretation of Dietary Protein Distribution During a Rugby Preseason.
Increased T cell immunoglobulin and mucin domain containing 4 (TIM-4) is negatively correlated with serum concentrations of interleukin-1β in type 2 diabetes.
Diet-induced obesity causes metabolic impairment independent of alterations in gut barrier integrity.
Vascular risk factors in children, adolescents, and young adults with type 1 diabetes complicated by celiac disease: results from the DPV initiative.
Food components and irritable bowel syndrome.
Effects of dietary macronutrient composition on exogenous neuropeptide Y's stimulation of food intake in chicks.
High-fructose feeding promotes accelerated degradation of hepatic LDL receptor and hypercholesterolemia in hamsters via elevated circulating PCSK9 levels.
Polymorphism G1359A of the cannabinoid receptor gene (CNR1): allelic frequencies and influence on cardiovascular risk factors in a multicentre study of Castilla-Leon.
Hypolipidaemic effects of oat flakes and β-glucans derived from four Chinese naked oat (Avena nuda) cultivars in Wistar-Lewis rats.
Obesity and metabolomics: metallothioneins protect against high-fat diet-induced consequences in metallothionein knockout mice.
The ketone metabolite β-hydroxybutyrate blocks NLRP3 inflammasome-mediated inflammatory disease.
Fish oil ameliorates trimethylamine N-oxide-exacerbated glucose intolerance in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Increasing fat content from 20 to 45 wt% in a complex diet induces lower endotoxemia in parallel with an increased number of intestinal goblet cells in mice.
The treatment combination of vitamins E and C and astaxanthin prevents high-fat diet induced memory deficits in rats.
Properties of bologna-type sausages with pork back-fat replaced with pork skin and amorphous cellulose.
Functional GIP receptors play a major role in islet compensatory response to high fat feeding in mice.
Differential effects of glucagon-like peptide-1 on microvascular recruitment and glucose metabolism in short- and long-term insulin resistance.
Effects of tea or tea extract on metabolic profiles in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of ten randomized controlled trials.
Beneficial effect of lycopene on anti-diabetic nephropathy through diminishing inflammatory response and oxidative stress.
Potential protective effects of extra virgin olive oil on the hepatotoxicity induced by co-exposure of adult rats to acrylamide and aluminum.
Influence of Lactobacillus brevis 15 and Lactobacillus plantarum 13 on blood glucose and body weight in rats after high-fructose diet.
Breast milk macronutrient composition after bariatric surgery.
Ergostatrien-3β-ol from Antrodia camphorata inhibits diabetes and hyperlipidemia in high-fat-diet treated mice via regulation of hepatic related genes, glucose transporter 4, and AMP-activated protein kinase phosphorylation.
Argan oil reduces, in rats, the high fat diet-induced metabolic effects of obesity.
Novel trends in development of dietary fiber rich meat products-a critical review.
Low-carbohydrate diet and type 2 diabetes risk in Japanese men and women: the Japan Public Health Center-Based Prospective Study.
Effect of neonatal malnutrition on expression of nitric oxide synthase enzyme, production of free radicals and in vitro viability of alveolar macrophages infected with methicillin-sensitive and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Glutamine effects on heat shock protein 70 and interleukines 6 and 10: Randomized trial of glutamine supplementation versus standard parenteral nutrition in critically ill children.
Nutritional characteristics of camelina meal for 3-week-old broiler chickens.
Prolactin and the dietary protein/carbohydrate ratio regulate the expression of SNAT2 amino acid transporter in the mammary gland during lactation.
Diabetes mellitus affects activity of calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II alpha in rat trigeminal ganglia.
Effect of an advanced glycation end product-restricted diet and exercise on metabolic parameters in adult overweight men.
Energy restriction does not prevent insulin resistance but does prevent liver steatosis in aging rats on a Western-style diet.
Interactions Between Nuclear Receptor SHP and FOXA1 Maintain Oscillatory Homocysteine Homeostasis in Mice.
CTRP9 enhances carotid plaque stability by reducing pro-inflammatory cytokines in macrophages.
Usual intake of added sugars and lipid profiles among the U.S. adolescents: National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2005-2010.
Diversity in gut bacterial community of school-age children in Asia.
Mechanism of action of hypoglycemic effects of an intestine-specific inhibitor of microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (MTP) in obese rats.
Ezetimibe stimulates intestinal glucagon-like peptide 1 secretion via the MEK/ERK pathway rather than dipeptidyl peptidase 4 inhibition.
Effects of partial replacement of dietary starch from barley or corn with lactose on ruminal function, short-chain fatty acid absorption, nitrogen utilization, and production performance of dairy cows.
Effects of berberine on amelioration of hyperglycemia and oxidative stress in high glucose and high fat diet-induced diabetic hamsters in vivo.
Effects of a brief high-fat diet and acute exercise on the mTORC1 and IKK/NF-κB pathways in rat skeletal muscle.
LTB4 promotes insulin resistance in obese mice by acting on macrophages, hepatocytes and myocytes.
Toward a cancer-specific diet.
The influence of grass silage-to-maize silage ratio and concentrate composition on methane emissions, performance and milk composition of dairy cows.
The Resin from Protium heptaphyllum Prevents High-Fat Diet-Induced Obesity in Mice: Scientific Evidence and Potential Mechanisms.
Nutrient and nonnutrient components of legumes, and its chemopreventive activity: a review.
Antihyperglycemic activities of extracts of the mistletoes Plicosepalus acaciae and P. curviflorus in comparison to their solid lipid nanoparticle suspension formulations.
High sugar-induced repression of antioxidant and anti-apoptotic genes in lens: reversal by pyruvate.
Interference of Hemoglobin N-Baltimore on Measurement of HbA1c Using the HA-8160 and HA-8180 HPLC Methods.
Metabolic consequences of chronic intermittent mild stress exposure.
Adapting to alcohol: Dwarf hamster (Phodopus campbelli) ethanol consumption, sensitivity, and hoard fermentation.
Andrographolide derivative AL-1 improves insulin resistance through down-regulation of NF-κB signalling pathway.
Alteration of gut microbiota by vancomycin and bacitracin improves insulin resistance via glucagon-like peptide 1 in diet-induced obesity.
Gene expression in salivary glands: effects of diet and mouse chromosome 17 locus regulating macronutrient intake.
Probucol Protects Against Atherosclerosis Through Lipid-lowering and Suppressing Immune Maturation of CD11c+ Dendritic Cells in STZ-induced Diabetic LDLR-/- Mice.
Exercise training prevents increased intraocular pressure and sympathetic vascular modulation in an experimental model of metabolic syndrome.
Prolactin anterior pituitary expression and circulating levels are reduced in obese and diabetic rats: role of TGF-β and TNF-α.
Glycaemic index and glycaemic load of selected popular foods consumed in Southeast Asia.
Excess intake of fat and sugar potentiates epinephrine-induced hyperglycemia in male rats.
Inflammatory response in visceral fat tissue and liver is prenatally programmed: experimental research.
The wrong white crystals: not salt but sugar as aetiological in hypertension and cardiometabolic disease.
Dietary Intake, FTO Genetic Variants, and Adiposity: A Combined Analysis of Over 16,000 Children and Adolescents.
Exenatide Protects Against Glucose- and Lipid-Induced Endothelial Dysfunction: Evidence for Direct Vasodilation Effect of GLP-1 Receptor Agonists in Humans.
Selective insulin resistance in adipocytes.
The Effect of DPT-1 Intravenous Insulin Infusion and Daily Subcutaneous Insulin on Endogenous Insulin Secretion and Postprandial Glucose Tolerance.
Association between vitamin C intake and glioma risk: evidence from a meta-analysis.
The reverse Warburg effect and 18F-FDG uptake in non-small cell lung cancer A549 in mice: a pilot study.
Endocrine determinants of changes in insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion during a weight cycle in healthy men.
Palmitic acid induces central leptin resistance and impairs hepatic glucose and lipid metabolism in male mice.
Effects of Supplemental Acerola Juice on the Mineral Concentrations in Liver and Kidney Tissue Samples of Mice Fed with Cafeteria Diet.
Soluble epoxide hydrolase inhibition improves coronary endothelial function and prevents the development of cardiac alterations in obese insulin-resistant mice.
High-energy breakfast with low-energy dinner decreases overall daily hyperglycaemia in type 2 diabetic patients: a randomised clinical trial.
Supplementing diet with blackberry extract causes a catabolic response with increments in insulin sensitivity in rats.
Effect and mechanisms of zinc supplementation in protecting against diabetic cardiomyopathy in a rat model of type 2 diabetes.
Effects of slow-release urea and rumen-protected methionine and histidine on performance of dairy cows.
Saturated fat supplementation interacts with dietary forage neutral detergent fiber content during the immediate postpartum period in Holstein cows: Energy balance and metabolism.
[Childhood obesity is associated to the interaction between firmicutes and high energy food consumption].
Nutritional adequacy in subjects with metabolic syndrome.
Expedited Biliopancreatic Juice Flow to the Distal Gut Benefits the Diabetes Control After Duodenal-Jejunal Bypass.
Effect of increased adiposity on insulin sensitivity and adipokine concentrations in horses and ponies fed a high fat diet, with or without a once daily high glycaemic meal.
Apolipoprotein E isoforms 3/3 and 3/4 differentially interact with circulating stearic, palmitic, and oleic fatty acids and lipid levels in Alaskan Natives.
Quercetin and isorhamnetin aglycones are the main metabolites of dietary quercetin in cerebrospinal fluid.
Relationship between liver and low rumen pH in goat.
Effects of exercise amount and intensity on abdominal obesity and glucose tolerance in obese adults: a randomized trial.
Compared to sucrose, previous consumption of fructose and glucose monosaccharides reduces survival and fitness of female mice.
A high-protein breakfast induces greater insulin and glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide responses to a subsequent lunch meal in individuals with type 2 diabetes.
Sugar-sweetened product consumption alters glucose homeostasis compared with dairy product consumption in men and women at risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Calcium ingestion suppresses appetite and produces acute overcompensation of energy intake independent of protein in healthy adults.
Higher-protein diets are associated with higher HDL cholesterol and lower BMI and waist circumference in US adults.
Maternal alcohol intake around the time of conception causes glucose intolerance and insulin insensitivity in rat offspring, which is exacerbated by a postnatal high-fat diet.
Comparison of appetite responses to high- and low-glycemic index postexercise meals under matched insulinemia and fiber in type 1 diabetes.
Effects of combined dietary supplementation with fenofibrate and Schisandrae Fructus pulp on lipid and glucose levels and liver function in normal and hypercholesterolemic mice.
Macronutrient balance, reproductive function, and lifespan in aging mice.
11β-HSD1 modulates LPS-induced innate immune responses in adipocytes by altering expression of PTEN.
Effects of Adipocyte Aryl Hydrocarbon Receptor Deficiency on PCB-Induced Disruption of Glucose Homeostasis in Lean and Obese Mice.
Rosmarinic acid modulates the antioxidant status and protects pancreatic tissues from glucolipotoxicity mediated oxidative stress in high-fat diet: streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Glabridin, an isoflavan from licorice root, downregulates iNOS expression and activity under high-glucose stress and inflammation.
Epigenetic signatures of obesity.
Transcriptome analysis in rat kidneys: importance of genes involved in programmed hypertension.
A Comparison of the Nutritional Contribution of Thirty-nine Aromatic Plants used as Condiments and/or Herbal Infusions.
Treatment intensification with insulin glargine in patients with inadequately controlled type 2 diabetes improves glycaemic control with a high treatment satisfaction and no weight gain.
Metabolic syndrome in obese children and adolescents in Serbia: prevalence and risk factors.
A dietary dairy/yeast prebiotic and flaxseed oil enhance growth, hematological and immunological parameters in channel catfish at a suboptimal temperature (15°C).
Direct infusion MS-based lipid profiling reveals the pharmacological effects of compound K-reinforced ginsenosides in high-fat diet induced obese mice.
A randomized intervention trial of 24-wk dairy consumption on waist circumference, blood pressure, and fasting blood sugar and lipids in Japanese men with metabolic syndrome.
Comparison of the effects of three persimmon cultivars on lipid and glucose metabolism in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Resistant starch does not affect zinc homeostasis in rural Malawian children.
Elevated plasma leptin levels of fasted rainbow trout decrease rapidly in response to feed intake.
Effects of prebiotic supplementation on the expression of proteins regulating iron absorption in anaemic growing rats.
The longevity of the antimicrobial response in rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) fed a peptidoglycan (PG) supplemented diet.
Treatment with anti-interleukin-6 receptor antibody ameliorates intestinal polyposis in Apc(Min/+) mice under high-fat diet conditions.
Substitution of sugar-sweetened beverages with other beverage alternatives: a review of long-term health outcomes.
CD47 deficiency protects mice from diet-induced obesity and improves whole body glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity.
Mineralocorticoid receptor blockade prevents Western diet-induced diastolic dysfunction in female mice.
Singular effects of PPAR agonists on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease of diet-induced obese mice.
[Effects and mechanisms of the inflammatory reaction related to NASH and induced by activation of the cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway].
Profile development of noncommunicable chronic diseases in a Brazilian rural town.
Emerging risk factors as markers for carotid intima media thickness scores.
Muscle-specific deletion of comparative gene identification-58 (CGI-58) causes muscle steatosis but improves insulin sensitivity in male mice.
Fish oil decreases hepatic lipogenic genes in rats fasted and refed on a high fructose diet.
GGCX and VKORC1 inhibit osteocalcin endocrine functions.
Macronutrient intake and body composition changes during anti-tuberculosis therapy in adults.
[Risk factors for ischemic heart disease in males in the prime of life: An eight-year follow-up study].
Evaluation of protective effect of freeze-dried strawberry, grape, and blueberry powder on acrylamide toxicity in mice.
Involvement of Endogenous Enkephalins and β-Endorphin in Feeding and Diet-Induced Obesity.
Supplementation of chitosan alleviates high-fat diet-enhanced lipogenesis in rats via adenosine monophosphate (AMP)-activated protein kinase activation and inhibition of lipogenesis-associated genes.
Dibenzoylmethane exerts metabolic activity through regulation of AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK)-mediated glucose uptake and adipogenesis pathways.
Effect of protein and energy levels in sweet sorghum bagasse leaf residue-based diets on the performance of growing Deccani lambs.
Elevated risk of an intermediate or high SYNTAX score in subjects with impaired fasting glucose.
Increased protein intake is associated with uncontrolled blood pressure by 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure monitoring in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Anthocyanin-rich black elderberry extract improves markers of HDL function and reduces aortic cholesterol in hyperlipidemic mice.
Oligofructose protects against arsenic-induced liver injury in a model of environment/obesity interaction.
Characterisation of pain responses in the high fat diet/streptozotocin model of diabetes and the analgesic effects of antidiabetic treatments.
Dietary patterns and endometrial cancer risk in the California Teachers Study cohort.
Dietary Fat Modifies the Effects of FTO Genotype on Changes in Insulin Sensitivity.
Vitamin E and vitamin C do not reduce insulin sensitivity but inhibit mitochondrial protein expression in exercising obese rats.
A high-fat plus fructose diet produces a vascular prostanoid alterations in the rat.
Glucose induces sensitivity to oxygen deprivation and modulates insulin/IGF-1 signaling and lipid biosynthesis in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Reshaping faecal gut microbiota composition by the intake of trans-resveratrol and quercetin in high-fat sucrose diet-fed rats.
Macro- and micronutrients consumption and the risk for colorectal cancer among Jordanians.
Inhibition of Small Maf Function in Pancreatic β-Cells Improves Glucose Tolerance Through the Enhancement of Insulin Gene Transcription and Insulin Secretion.
The complex contributions of genetics and nutrition to immunity in Drosophila melanogaster.
Effect of a low-carbohydrate diet on respiratory quotient of infants with chronic lung disease.
Adaptive contraction of diet breadth affects sexual maturation and specific nutrient consumption in an extreme generalist omnivore.
Maternal fructose-intake-induced renal programming in adult male offspring.
Production of a mouse strain with impaired glucose tolerance by systemic heterozygous knockout of the glucokinase gene and its feasibility as a prediabetes model.
Effect of low carbohydrate high protein (LCHP) diet on lipid metabolism, liver and kidney function in rats.
The impact of the Bellagio Report on healthy agriculture, healthy nutrition, healthy people: scientific and policy aspects and the International Network of Centers for Genetics, Nutrition and Fitness for Health.
Effects of a High-Protein/Low-Carbohydrate versus a Standard Hypocaloric Diet on Weight and Cardiovascular Risk Factors during 9 Months: Role of a Genetic Variation in the Cannabinoid Receptor Gene (CNR1) (G1359A Polymorphism).
Chronic erythropoietin treatment improves diet-induced glucose intolerance in rats.
[Protective effect of silibinin on islet β cells in C57BL/6J mice fed a highfat diet].
The association of MC4R rs17782313 polymorphism with dietary intake in Iranian adults.
Natural cocoa consumption: Potential to reduce atherogenic factors?
Nutrition targeting by food timing: time-related dietary approaches to combat obesity and metabolic syndrome.
Performance of early-lactation dairy cows as affected by dietary starch and monensin supplementation.
Metabolism of early-lactation dairy cows as affected by dietary starch and monensin supplementation.
Dry period plane of energy: Effects on feed intake, energy balance, milk production, and composition in transition dairy cows.
Gender-specific increase in susceptibility to metabolic syndrome of offspring rats after prenatal caffeine exposure with post-weaning high-fat diet.
Association between yogurt consumption, dietary patterns, and cardio-metabolic risk factors.
Antioxidant activity of high sulfate content derivative of ulvan in hyperlipidemic rats.
Growth of human colon cancer cells in nude mice is delayed by ketogenic diet with or without omega-3 fatty acids and medium-chain triglycerides.
The Flower Tea Coreopsis tinctoria Increases Insulin Sensitivity and Regulates Hepatic Metabolism in Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Impact of Dietary Acculturation on the Food Habits, Weight, Blood Pressure, and Fasting Blood Glucose Levels of International College Students.
Beneficial effects of calcitriol on hypertension, glucose intolerance, impairment of endothelium-dependent vascular relaxation, and visceral adiposity in fructose-fed hypertensive rats.
Myrosinase-treated glucoerucin is a potent inducer of the Nrf2 target gene heme oxygenase 1--studies in cultured HT-29 cells and mice.
miR-30c Mediates Upregulation of Cdc42 and Pak1 in Diabetic Cardiomyopathy.
Dietary restriction in moderately obese rats improves body size and glucose handling without the renal and hepatic alterations observed with a high-protein diet.
Differential therapeutic effects of nateglinide and acarbose on fasting and postprandial lipid profiles: a randomized trial.
Waist-to-Height Ratio and Triglycerides/High-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol Were the Optimal Predictors of Metabolic Syndrome in Uighur Men and Women in Xinjiang, China.
High-fat diet induces cardiac remodelling and dysfunction: assessment of the role played by SIRT3 loss.
Implication of corticotropic hormone axis in eating behaviour pattern in obese and type 2 diabetic participants.
An actin filament population defined by the tropomyosin Tpm3.1 regulates glucose uptake.
Chronic overeating impairs hepatic glucose uptake and disposition.
C1q-TNF-related protein-9, a novel cardioprotetcive cardiokine, requires proteolytic cleavage to generate a biologically active globular domain isoform.
Increasing adipocyte lipoprotein lipase improves glucose metabolism in high fat diet-induced obesity.
Association between cardiorespiratory fitness and the determinants of glycemic control across the entire glucose tolerance continuum.
Ameliorative effect of allopurinol on vascular complications of insulin resistance.
Staple foods consumption and irritable bowel syndrome in Japanese adults: a cross-sectional study.
Body fat accumulation in zebrafish is induced by a diet rich in fat and reduced by supplementation with green tea extract.
Influence of resistance training combined with daily consumption of an egg-based or bagel-based breakfast on risk factors for chronic diseases in healthy untrained individuals.
Role of VMH ketone bodies in adjusting caloric intake to increased dietary fat content in DIO and DR rats.
No effect of NOS inhibition on skeletal muscle glucose uptake during in situ hindlimb contraction in healthy and diabetic Sprague-Dawley rats.
Dietary Adherence, Glycemic Control, and Psychological Factors Associated with Binge Eating Among Indigenous and Non-Indigenous Chileans with Type 2 Diabetes.
[Correlation between type 2 diabetes and DNA methylation and mRNA expression of APN in abdominal adipose tissues in Xinjiang Uygur population].
Subclinical atherosclerosis and obesity phenotypes among Mexican Americans.
A gestational diet high in fat-soluble vitamins alters expression of genes in brain pathways and reduces sucrose preference, but not food intake, in Wistar male rat offspring.
Direct and maternal n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation improved triglyceridemia and glycemia through the regulation of hepatic and muscle sphingolipid synthesis in offspring hamsters fed a high-fat diet.
Protein type and caloric density of protein supplements modulate postprandial amino acid profile through changes in gastrointestinal behaviour: A randomized trial.
Macronutrient intake and stomach cancer.
Wheel running decreases palatable diet preference in Sprague-Dawley rats.
Effect of pistachio consumption on plasma lipoprotein subclasses in pre-diabetic subjects.
Associations between vitamin D levels and depressive symptoms in healthy young adult women.
Metabolomic analysis reveals distinct profiles in the plasma and urine of rats fed a high-protein diet.
Voluntary exercise improves metabolic profile in high-fat fed glucocorticoid-treated rats.
The effects of exendin-4 treatment on graft failure: an animal study using a novel re-vascularized minimal human islet transplant model.
ADCY5 gene expression in adipose tissue is related to obesity in men and mice.
Association between the number of early carious lesions and diet in children with a high prevalence of caries.
Cooking enhances beneficial effects of pea seed coat consumption on glucose tolerance, incretin, and pancreatic hormones in high-fat-diet-fed rats.
[Trends in food consumption of university students].
The influence of maternal BMI and gestational diabetes on pregnancy outcome.
A low carbohydrate, high protein diet suppresses intratumoral androgen synthesis and slows castration-resistant prostate tumor growth in mice.
High hydrostatic pressure processing reduces the glycemic index of fresh mango puree in healthy subjects.
Metabolic and Histopathological Effects of Fructose Intake During Pregestation, Gestation and Lactation in Rats and their Offspring.
Treating diet-induced diabetes and obesity with human embryonic stem cell-derived pancreatic progenitor cells and antidiabetic drugs.
Endogenous LPS alters liver GH/IGF system gene expression and plasma lipoprotein lipase in goats.
Adolescent and Early Adulthood Dietary Carbohydrate Quantity and Quality in Relation to Breast Cancer Risk.
Preparation of pellets with controlled release of glucose as prevention of hypoglycaemia in paediatric patients.
Subsistence strategies in traditional societies distinguish gut microbiomes.
Association of Roadway Proximity with Fasting Plasma Glucose and Metabolic Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Disease in a Cross-Sectional Study of Cardiac Catheterization Patients.
Sex-specific effects of protein and carbohydrate intake on reproduction but not lifespan in Drosophila melanogaster.
Interplay between glucose and leptin signalling determines the strength of GABAergic synapses at POMC neurons.
Maternal use of flaxseed oil during pregnancy and lactation prevents morphological alterations in pancreas of female offspring from rat dams with experimental diabetes.
Responses in gut hormones and hunger to diets with either high protein or a mixture of protein plus free amino acids supplied under weight-loss conditions.
Innovative Stride to Zero Hunger Beyond 2015 in Nigeria.
Chronic Intake of Sucrose Accelerates Sarcopenia in Older Male Rats through Alterations in Insulin Sensitivity and Muscle Protein Synthesis.
Skeletal muscle ceramide species in men with abdominal obesity.
Nutrient patterns and brain biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease in cognitively normal individuals.
Bearded saki feeding strategies on an island in Lago Guri, Venezuela.
Red meat, dairy, and insulin sensitivity: a randomized crossover intervention study.
Serotonin effects in the crab Neohelice granulata: Possible involvement of two types of receptors in peripheral tissues.
Interactions between supplemented mineral phosphorus and phytase on phytate hydrolysis and inositol phosphates in the small intestine of broilers1,2.
Vitamin C prevents the effects of high rearing temperatures on the quality of broiler thigh meat1.
Hydration Status and Sodium Balance of Endurance Runners Consuming Postexercise Supplements of Varying Nutrient Content.
Nutrient Intake by Ultramarathon Runners: Can They Meet Recommendations?
Kupffer cell depletion protects against the steatosis, but not the liver damage, induced by marginal-copper, high-fructose diet in male rats.
Poor outcome of experimental ischemic stroke in type 2 diabetic rats: impaired circulating endothelial progenitor cells mobilization.
Orexin A regulates plasma insulin and leptin levels in a time-dependent manner following a glucose load in mice.
ADAMTS13 deficiency in mice does not affect adipose tissue development.
Maximal fat oxidation during exercise is positively associated with 24-hour fat oxidation and insulin sensitivity in young, healthy men.
Cholesterol-induced hepatic inflammation does not underlie the predisposition to insulin resistance in dyslipidemic female LDL receptor knockout mice.
The effect of N-stearoylethanolamine on cholesterol content, fatty acid composition and protein carbonylation level in rats with alimentary obesity-induced insulin resistance.
[An analysis of the efficacy of low-calorie and isocaloric diets in obese patients with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis].
A novel mechanism for improvement of dry skin by dietary milk phospholipids: Effect on epidermal covalently bound ceramides and skin inflammation in hairless mice.
Combinatorial gene construct and non-viral delivery for anti-obesity in diet-induced obese mice.
Prevention of knee osteoarthritis in overweight females: the first preventive randomized controlled trial in osteoarthritis.
Physical activity as a determinant of fasting and 2-h post-challenge glucose: a prospective cohort analysis of the NAVIGATOR trial.
Influence of gender and time diet exposure on endocrine pancreas remodeling in response to high fat diet-induced metabolic disturbances in mice.
Copeptin is an independent predictor of diabetic heart disease and death.
Interactive effects of oligofructose and obesity predisposition on gut hormones and microbiota in diet-induced obese rats.
Exercise training and return to a well-balanced diet activate the neuregulin 1/ErbB pathway in skeletal muscle of obese rats.
Maternal dietary patterns and gestational diabetes mellitus: a large prospective cohort study in China.
Changes of Dietary Fat and Carbohydrate Content Alter Central and Peripheral Clock in Humans.
Dietary Njavara rice bran oil reduces experimentally induced hypercholesterolaemia by regulating genes involved in lipid metabolism.
Licochalcone F alleviates glucose tolerance and chronic inflammation in diet-induced obese mice through Akt and p38 MAPK.
Higher visceral adiposity is associated with an enhanced early thermogenic response to carbohydrate-rich food.
Focus on sugar-sweetened beverages.
Long-lasting partnership between insulin resistance and endothelial dysfunction: role of metabolic memory.
Nox2 mediates skeletal muscle insulin resistance induced by a high fat diet.
Effect of a High-Fructose Weight-Maintaining Diet on Lipogenesis and Liver Fat.
Food consumption, obesity and abnormal glycaemic control in a Canadian Inuit community.
Postprandial glucagon-like peptide-1 secretion is increased during the progression of glucose intolerance and obesity in high-fat/high-sucrose diet-fed rats.
Validation of a food frequency questionnaire for use in Italian adults living in Sicily.
Carbohydrate (CHO), protein and fat intake of healthy Pakistani school children in a 24 hour period.
Food sources of fat may clarify the inconsistent role of dietary fat intake for incidence of type 2 diabetes.
Down-Regulation of Renal Gluconeogenesis in Type II Diabetic Rats Following Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass Surgery: A Potential Mechanism in Hypoglycemic Effect.
Piceatannol lowers the blood glucose level in diabetic mice.
Effects of liquid konjac on parameters related to obesity in diet-induced obese mice.
Ketogenic diet attenuates NMDA-induced damage to rat's retinal ganglion cells in an age-dependent manner.
Miglitol protects against age-dependent weight gain in mice: A potential role of increased UCP1 content in brown adipose tissue.
Overexpression of HIF-2α in pancreatic β cells does not alter glucose homeostasis.
Long-term taurine supplementation leads to enhanced hepatic steatosis, renal dysfunction and hyperglycemia in mice fed on a high-fat diet.
Effects of a high fat diet and taurine supplementation on metabolic parameters and skeletal muscle mitochondrial function in rats.
N-(β- D-Xylopyranosyl)taurine Sodium Salt Supplementation Has Beneficial Effect on the Hepatic Antioxidant System of Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet and β-Alanine.
Anti-obesity and Hypolipidemic Effects of N-(β-D-Xylopyranosyl) Taurine Sodium Salt Supplementation in Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet and β-Alanine.
Habitual physical activity and plasma metabolomic patterns distinguish individuals with low vs. high weight loss during controlled energy restriction.
A high-glycemic index, low-fiber breakfast affects the postprandial plasma glucose, insulin, and ghrelin responses of patients with type 2 diabetes in a randomized clinical trial.
Progress and challenges in developing metabolic footprints from diet in human gut microbial cometabolism.
The effect of a high-egg diet on cardiovascular risk factors in people with type 2 diabetes: the Diabetes and Egg (DIABEGG) study-a 3-mo randomized controlled trial.
Dairy proteins, dairy lipids, and postprandial lipemia in persons with abdominal obesity (DairyHealth): a 12-wk, randomized, parallel-controlled, double-blinded, diet intervention study.
Pre-germinated brown rice prevents high-fat diet induced hyperglycemia through elevated insulin secretion and glucose metabolism pathway in C57BL/6J strain mice.
Consumption of sucrose from infancy increases the visceral fat accumulation, concentration of triglycerides, insulin and leptin, and generates abnormalities in the adrenal gland.
L-ascorbic acid addition to chitosan reduces body weight in overweight women.
Vitamin D supplementation and serum levels of magnesium and selenium in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: gender dimorphic changes.
Perinatal overnutrition exacerbates adipose tissue inflammation caused by high-fat feeding in C57BL/6J mice.
Effect of pistachio nut consumption on endothelial function and arterial stiffness.
Association of dietary acid load with cardiovascular disease risk factors in patients with diabetic nephropathy.
Effects of ginger on serum glucose, advanced glycation end products, and inflammation in peritoneal dialysis patients.
Dietary contributors to glycemic load in the REasons for Geographic and Racial Differences in Stroke study.
Chia (Salvia hispanica L.) enhances HSP, PGC-1α expressions and improves glucose tolerance in diet-induced obese rats.
Sitagliptin alleviated myocardial remodeling of the left ventricle and improved cardiac diastolic dysfunction in diabetic rats.
Dietary docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid influence liver triacylglycerol and insulin resistance in rats fed a high-fructose diet.
Obesity and metabolic phenotypes (metabolically healthy and unhealthy variants) are significantly associated with prevalence of elevated C-reactive protein and hepatic steatosis in a large healthy Brazilian population.
Different postprandial lipid metabolism and insulin resistance between non-diabetic patients with and without coronary artery disease.
Efficacy and safety of the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor linagliptin in black/African American patients with type 2 diabetes: Pooled analysis from eight Phase III trials.
Quantification of sugars in breakfast cereals using capillary electrophoresis.
Characterization of polyphenols, sugars, and other polar compounds in persimmon juices produced under different technologies and their assessment in terms of compositional variations.
Chitosan Oligosaccharides Attenuate Atherosclerosis and Decrease Non-HDL in ApoE-/- Mice.
N-stearoyltyrosine dipotassium ameliorates high-fat diet-induced obesity in C57BL/6 mice.
Genetic Disruption of Protein Kinase STK25 Ameliorates Metabolic Defects in a Diet-Induced Type 2 Diabetes Model.
Changes in nutrient composition and in vitro ruminal fermentation of total mixed ration silage stored at different temperatures and periods.
Visualized macrophage dynamics and significance of S100A8 in obese fat.
Metabolic learning and memory formation by the brain influence systemic metabolic homeostasis.
Resveratrol activates duodenal Sirt1 to reverse insulin resistance in rats through a neuronal network.
Metformin activates a duodenal Ampk-dependent pathway to lower hepatic glucose production in rats.
Low vs high glycemic index diet.
Low vs high glycemic index diet--reply.
Associations between ultrasound measures of abdominal fat distribution and indices of glucose metabolism in a population at high risk of type 2 diabetes: the ADDITION-PRO study.
A double-blind randomised controlled trial testing the effect of a barley product containing varying amounts and types of fibre on the postprandial glucose response of healthy volunteers.
Diet rich in high glucoraphanin broccoli reduces plasma LDL cholesterol: Evidence from randomised controlled trials.
Colors of fruits and vegetables and 3-year changes of cardiometabolic risk factors in adults: Tehran lipid and glucose study.
The neurotoxic effects of ampicillin-associated gut bacterial imbalances compared to those of orally administered propionic acid in the etiology of persistent autistic features in rat pups: effects of various dietary regimens.
Ameliorative Effect of Adjunct Therapy of Metformin with Atorvastatin on Streptozotocin-induced Diabetes Mellitus in Rats.
Effects of maternal diet and exercise during pregnancy on glucose metabolism in skeletal muscle and fat of weanling rats.
The Effects of High-Fat Diet Exposure In Utero on the Obesogenic and Diabetogenic Traits Through Epigenetic Changes in Adiponectin and Leptin Gene Expression for Multiple Generations in Female Mice.
Short-term administration of GW501516 improves inflammatory state in white adipose tissue and liver damage in high-fructose-fed mice through modulation of the renin-angiotensin system.
High-fat diet-induced insulin resistance does not increase plasma anandamide levels or potentiate anandamide insulinotropic effect in isolated canine islets.
Effects of Piper nigrum extracts: Restorative perspectives of high-fat diet-induced changes on lipid profile, body composition, and hormones in Sprague-Dawley rats.
[Study on hypoglycemic effect and mechanism of total flavonoids of Propolis in STZ diabetic rats].
Intakes of apple juice, fruit drinks and soda are associated with prevalent asthma in US children aged 2-9 years.
Serum lipoprotein ratios as markers of insulin resistance: a study among non-diabetic acute coronary syndrome patients with impaired fasting glucose.
Antidiabetic mechanism of Coptis chinensis polysaccharide through its antioxidant property involving the JNK pathway.
Hypothalamic Neuropeptide 26RFa Acts as an Incretin to Regulate Glucose Homeostasis.
Leucine amplifies the effects of metformin on insulin sensitivity and glycemic control in diet-induced obese mice.
Epigenetic mechanisms contribute to the expression of immune related genes in the livers of dairy cows fed a high concentrate diet.
Protective effects of scutellarin on type II diabetes mellitus-induced testicular damages related to reactive oxygen species/Bcl-2/Bax and reactive oxygen species/microcirculation/staving pathway in diabetic rat.
Effects of discontinuing a high-fat diet on mitochondrial proteins and 6-hydroxydopamine-induced dopamine depletion in rats.
Microbiota and probiotics in canine and feline welfare.
High dietary acid load is associated with insulin resistance: The Furukawa Nutrition and Health Study.
Effects of forage type and extruded linseed supplementation on methane production and milk fatty acid composition of lactating dairy cows.
Effects of two whole-grain barley varieties on caecal SCFA, gut microbiota and plasma inflammatory markers in rats consuming low- and high-fat diets.
Protective effects of restricted diet and antioxidants on testis tissue in rats fed with high-fat diet.
Effect of different exercise protocols on metabolic profiles and fatty acid metabolism in skeletal muscle in high-fat diet-fed rats.
Gluten-free snacks using plantain-chickpea and maize blend: chemical composition, starch digestibility, and predicted glycemic index.
Beneficial effect of a low dose of ethanol on liver function and serum urate in rats fed a high-fat diet.
DDDAS Design of Drug Interventions for the Treatment of Dyslipidemia in ApoE<sup>-/-</sup> Mice.
Effect of chemotherapy on dietary glycemic index and load in patients with breast cancer and their relationships to body fat and phase angle.
Differences in Hematopoietic Stem Cells Contribute to Sexually Dimorphic Inflammatory Responses to High Fat Diet-induced Obesity.
Habitual dietary intake of β-carotene, vitamin C, folate, or vitamin E may interact with single nucleotide polymorphisms on brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity in healthy adults.
Treatment with sulphated galactan inhibits macrophage chemotaxis and reduces intraplaque macrophage content in atherosclerotic mice.
The State of the Art in Biosynthesis of Anthocyanins and Its Regulation in Pigmented Sweet Oranges [(Citrus sinensis) L. Osbeck].
A combination of probiotics and whey proteins enhances anti-obesity effects of calcium and dairy products during nutritional energy restriction in aP2-agouti transgenic mice.
Synergic actions of polyphenols and cyanogens of peanut seed coat (Arachis hypogaea) on cytological, biochemical and functional changes in thyroid.
Exercise training and calorie restriction influence the metabolic parameters in ovariectomized female rats.
CMPF does not associate with impaired glucose metabolism in individuals with features of metabolic syndrome.
A green algae mixture of Scenedesmus and Schroederiella attenuates obesity-linked metabolic syndrome in rats.
A Novel Partial Agonist of Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor γ with Excellent Effect on Insulin Resistance and Type 2 Diabetes.
The aggravation of mitochondrial dysfunction in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease accompanied with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Effect of lifestyle interventions on reduction of cardiovascular disease events and its mortality in pre-diabetic patients:long-term follow-up of Da Qing Diabetes Prevention Study].
Dose titration of FITC-D for optimal measurement of enteric inflammation in broiler chicks.
Lipopolysaccharide derived from the rumen down-regulates stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 expression and alters fatty acid composition in the liver of dairy cows fed a high-concentrate diet.
Weight-loss intervention using implementation intentions and mental imagery: a randomised control trial study protocol.
Programming of obesity and comorbidities in the progeny: lessons from a model of diet-induced obese parents.
Patients who self-monitor blood glucose and their unused testing results.
Tomato juice intake increases resting energy expenditure and improves hypertriglyceridemia in middle-aged women: an open-label, single-arm study.
[Effect of apigenin on protein expressions of PPARs in liver tissues of rats with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis].
A Novel CCK-8/GLP-1 Hybrid Peptide Exhibiting Prominent Insulinotropic, Glucose-Lowering, and Satiety Actions With Significant Therapeutic Potential in High-Fat-Fed Mice.
Antidiabetic and renoprotective effects of Cladophora glomerata Kützing extract in experimental type 2 diabetic rats: a potential nutraceutical product for diabetic nephropathy.
Exposure to common food additive carrageenan alone leads to fasting hyperglycemia and in combination with high fat diet exacerbates glucose intolerance and hyperlipidemia without effect on weight.
Valsartan blocks thrombospondin/transforming growth factor/Smads to inhibit aortic remodeling in diabetic rats.
Severe hypertriglyceridemia and hypercholesterolemia accelerating renal injury: a novel model of type 1 diabetic hamsters induced by short-term high-fat / high-cholesterol diet and low-dose streptozotocin.
Rapamycin impairs HPD-induced beneficial effects on glucose homeostasis.
High dietary protein intake is associated with an increased body weight and total death risk.
Evaluation of anti-obesity activities of ethanolic extract of Terminalia paniculata bark on high fat diet-induced obese rats.
Comparison of treatment outcomes in patients with and without diabetes mellitus attending a multidisciplinary cardiovascular prevention programme (a retrospective analysis of the EUROACTION trial).
Exendin-4 improves thermogenic capacity by regulating fat metabolism on brown adipose tissue in mice with diet-induced obesity.
Biochemical and genetic diversity of carbohydrate-fermenting and obligate amino acid-fermenting hyper-ammonia-producing bacteria from Nellore steers fed tropical forages and supplemented with casein.
Transient receptor potential vanilloid type-1 channel regulates diet-induced obesity, insulin resistance, and leptin resistance.
Liver-specific deletion of Ppp2cα enhances glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity.
Preventive role of green tea catechins from obesity and related disorders especially hypercholesterolemia and hyperglycemia.
Feeding a high-grain diet reduces the percentage of LPS clearance and enhances immune gene expression in goat liver.
Postprandial triglyceride response in normolipidemic, hyperlipidemic and obese subjects - the influence of polydextrose, a non-digestible carbohydrate.
Differences in pharmacokinetics of apple polyphenols after standardized oral consumption of unprocessed apple juice.
Green tea polyphenol epigallocatechin-3-gallate ameliorates insulin resistance in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease mice.
Effects of corn-based reduced-starch diets using alternative carbohydrate sources on performance of lactating Holstein cows.
Nutrient induced type 2 and chemical induced type 1 experimental diabetes differently modulate gastric GLP-1 receptor expression.
Environmental factors and beta2-adrenergic receptor polymorphism: influence on the energy expenditure and nutritional status of obese women.
Hyperglycaemia enhances nitric oxide production in diabetes: a study from South Indian patients.
A population-based screening of type 2 diabetes in high-risk population of Yasuj, Iran.
QRFP-26 enhances insulin's effects on glucose uptake in rat skeletal muscle cells.
Fenofibrate treatment attenuated chronic endoplasmic reticulum stress in the liver of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease mice.
Acetone as biomarker for ketosis buildup capability--a study in healthy individuals under combined high fat and starvation diets.
Meat analogues: Health promising sustainable meat substitutes.
The association between carbohydrate-rich foods and risk of cardiovascular disease is not modified by genetic susceptibility to dyslipidemia as determined by 80 validated variants.
Effects of High-Intensity Intermittent Exercise Training on Appetite Regulation.
Polyphenol-rich blackcurrant extract exerts hypocholesterolaemic and hypoglycaemic effects in mice fed a diet containing high fat and cholesterol.
Subcutaneous fat transplantation alleviates diet-induced glucose intolerance and inflammation in mice.
Gestational diabetes mellitus screening, management and outcomes in the Cook Islands.
New insights into the nutritional regulation of gluconeogenesis in carnivorous rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss): a gene duplication trail.
High Carbohydrate Diet Induces Faster Final Sprint and Overall 10,000-m Times of Young Runners.
The Relationship Between Physical Activity and the Metabolic Syndrome Score in Children.
Involuntary wheel running improves but does not fully reverse the deterioration of bone structure of obese rats despite decreasing adiposity.
Renal Protective Effects of a Diet and Exercise Intervention in Type 2 Diabetic Rats.
Apolipoprotein E enhances microRNA-146a in monocytes and macrophages to suppress nuclear factor-κB-driven inflammation and atherosclerosis.
A dose-response study of consuming high-fructose corn syrup-sweetened beverages on lipid/lipoprotein risk factors for cardiovascular disease in young adults.
Dietary patterns are associated with metabolic risk factors in South Asians living in the United States.
Cranberry juice consumption lowers markers of cardiometabolic risk, including blood pressure and circulating C-reactive protein, triglyceride, and glucose concentrations in adults.
Relationship between Glycemic Load and Blood Lipid Level in Hospitalized Adult Chinese.
Energy and macronutrient intakes in Brazil: results of the first nationwide individual dietary survey.
Differences and similarities in hepatic lipogenesis, gluconeogenesis and oxidative imbalance in mice fed diets rich in fructose or sucrose.
Long-term High-fat High-sucrose Diet Promotes Enlarged Islets and β-Cell Damage by Oxidative Stress in Bama Minipigs.
Polyphenol-rich diets improve glucose metabolism in people at high cardiometabolic risk: a controlled randomised intervention trial.
A Novel Peroxisome Proliferator-activated Receptor (PPAR)α Agonist and PPARγ Antagonist, Z-551, Ameliorates High-fat Diet-induced Obesity and Metabolic Disorders in Mice.
Ethnic differences in dietary intake at age 12 and 18 months: the Born in Bradford 1000 Study.
Asthma control in pregnancy is associated with pre-conception dietary patterns.
The risks of self-made diets: the case of an amateur bodybuilder.
Reduction in the desaturation capacity of the liver in mice subjected to high fat diet: Relation to LCPUFA depletion in liver and extrahepatic tissues.
Effect of docosahexaenoic acid monoacylglyceride on systemic hypertension and cardiovascular dysfunction.
Medium-chain triglyceride ameliorates insulin resistance and inflammation in high fat diet-induced obese mice.
Enhanced human neutrophil vitamin C status, chemotaxis and oxidant generation following dietary supplementation with vitamin C-rich SunGold kiwifruit.
Early adaptive response of the retina to a pro-diabetogenic diet: Impairment of cone response and gene expression changes in high-fructose fed rats.
Influence of dietary sugar on cholesterol and bile acid metabolism in the rat: Marked reduction of hepatic Abcg5/8 expression following sucrose ingestion.
Chewing gum for postoperative recovery of gastrointestinal function.
ACSL1 Is Associated With Fetal Programming of Insulin Sensitivity and Cellular Lipid Content.
Albumin-associated free fatty acids induce macropinocytosis in podocytes.
Labrador tea (Rhododendron groenlandicum) attenuates insulin resistance in a diet-induced obesity mouse model.
Comparative effects of Aliskiren and Telmisartan in high fructose diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rats.
Toll-Like Receptor 3 Influences Glucose Homeostasis and β-Cell Insulin Secretion.
Role of physical activity and diet after colorectal cancer diagnosis.
Renal kallikrein activation and renoprotection after dual blockade of renin-angiotensin system in diet-induced diabetic nephropathy.
Dietary intake in the dependent elderly: evaluation of the risk of nutritional deficit.
Lower Protein-to-Carbohydrate Ratio in Maternal Diet is Associated with Higher Childhood Systolic Blood Pressure up to Age Four Years.
Protective effect of compound K on diabetic rats.
Hypoglycemic, lipid-lowering and metabolic regulation activities of metforminium decavanadate (H2Metf)3 [V10O28]·8H2O using hypercaloric-induced carbohydrate and lipid deregulation in Wistar rats as biological model.
Targeted inhibition of galectin 1 by thiodigalactoside dramatically reduces body weight gain in diet-induced obese rats.
Possible Involvement of Palmitate in Pathogenesis of Periodontitis.
Dysregulation of low-density lipoprotein receptor contributes to podocyte injuries in diabetic nephropathy.
Contribution of Musa paradisiaca in the inhibition of α-amylase, α-glucosidase and Angiotensin-I converting enzyme in streptozotocin induced rats.
Treatment with KLEPTOSE® CRYSMEB reduces mouse atherogenesis by impacting on lipid profile and Th1 lymphocyte response.
Maternal obesity characterized by gestational diabetes increases the susceptibility of rat offspring to hepatic steatosis via a disrupted liver metabolome.
[Insufficient evidence of the effect of the low FODMAP diet on irritable bowel syndrome].
Anti-diabetic effects of shubat in type 2 diabetic rats induced by combination of high-glucose-fat diet and low-dose streptozotocin.
Antioxidative diet supplementation reverses high-fat diet-induced increases of cardiovascular risk factors in mice.
Metabolic and pancreatic effects of bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells transplantation in mice fed high-fat diet.
Anti-obesity effect of Triticum aestivum sprout extract in high-fat-diet-induced obese mice.
Dietary Intake of Competitive Bodybuilders.
Protein and healthy aging.
Receipt of Glucose Testing and Performance of Two US Diabetes Screening Guidelines, 2007-2012.
Low fasting glucose is associated with enhanced thrombin generation and unfavorable fibrin clot properties in type 2 diabetic patients with high cardiovascular risk.
[Modification of carbohydrate composition of confectionery for diabetics type 2].
[The influence of two-month treatment with bromocryptine on activity of the adenylyl cyclase signaling system in the myocardium and testes of rats with type 2 diabetes mellitus].
Pharmacological characterization and antidiabetic activity of a long-acting glucagon-like peptide-1 analogue conjugated to an antithrombin III-binding pentasaccharide.
[Diet quality in college students with different academic profile].
Longitudinal associations of serum fatty acid composition with type 2 diabetes risk and markers of insulin secretion and sensitivity in the Finnish Diabetes Prevention Study.
Application of dynamic metabolomics to examine in vivo skeletal muscle glucose metabolism in the chronically high-fat fed mouse.
Kiwifruit-derived supplements increase stool frequency in healthy adults: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
MACULAR PIGMENT OPTICAL DENSITY IS LOWER IN TYPE 2 DIABETES, COMPARED WITH TYPE 1 DIABETES AND NORMAL CONTROLS.
Maternal intake of fat in pregnancy and offspring metabolic health - A prospective study with 20 years of follow-up.
Low intake of calcium and vitamin D, but not zinc, iron or vitamin A, is associated with stunting in 2- to 5-year-old children.
Postprandial adiponectin and gelatinase response to a high-fat versus an isoenergetic low-fat meal in lean, healthy men.
Atorvastatin protects endothelium by decreasing asymmetric dimethylarginine in dyslipidemia rats.
The effects of feeding rations that differ in neutral detergent fiber and starch concentration within a day on production, feeding behavior, total-tract digestibility, and plasma metabolites and hormones in dairy cows.
SR-135, a peroxynitrite decomposing catalyst, enhances β-cell function and survival in B6D2F1 mice fed a high fat diet.
Lifestyle weight-loss intervention outcomes in overweight and obese adults with type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
D-Galactose High-Dose Administration Failed to Induce Accelerated Aging Changes in Neurogenesis, Anxiety, and Spatial Memory on Young Male Wistar Rats.
Critical role of renal dipeptidyl peptidase-4 in ameliorating kidney injury induced by saxagliptin in Dahl salt-sensitive hypertensive rats.
Islet insulin content and release are increased in male mice with elevated endogenous GH and IGF-I, without evidence of systemic insulin resistance or alterations in β-cell mass.
Maternal and post-weaning high-fat, high-sucrose diet modulates glucose homeostasis and hypothalamic POMC promoter methylation in mouse offspring.
Protective effects of polyphenol-rich blackcurrant preparation on biochemical and metabolic biomarkers of rats fed a diet high in fructose.
[Rhein promotes the expression of SIRT1 in kidney tissues of type 2 diabetic rat].
Anti-obese effect of glucosamine and chitosan oligosaccharide in high-fat diet-induced obese rats.
Type 2 diabetic rats on diet supplemented with chromium malate show improved glycometabolism, glycometabolism-related enzyme levels and lipid metabolism.
Influence of physical fitness on antioxidant activity and malondialdehyde level in healthy older adults.
(-)-Epicatechin reduces blood pressure increase in high-fructose-fed rats: effects on the determinants of nitric oxide bioavailability.
Fasting for 3 days during the suckling-weaning transient period in male rats induces metabolic abnormalities in the liver and is associated with impaired glucose tolerance in adulthood.
Melatonin Attenuates Aortic Endothelial Permeability and Arteriosclerosis in Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Rats: Possible Role of MLCK- and MLCP-Dependent MLC Phosphorylation.
Associations between dairy products consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes: Tehran lipid and glucose study.
Procollagen C-endopeptidase Enhancer Protein 2 (PCPE2) Reduces Atherosclerosis in Mice by Enhancing Scavenger Receptor Class B1 (SR-BI)-mediated High-density Lipoprotein (HDL)-Cholesteryl Ester Uptake.
Modulation of cholesterol-related gene expression by ergosterol and ergosterol-enriched extracts obtained from Agaricus bisporus.
Testosterone concentrations in female athletes and ballet dancers with menstrual disorders.
Improving dietary quality in youth with type 1 diabetes: randomized clinical trial of a family-based behavioral intervention.
Female PAPP-A knockout mice are resistant to metabolic dysfunction induced by high-fat/high-sucrose feeding at middle age.
Carbohydrates and endothelial function: is a low-carbohydrate diet or a low-glycemic index diet favourable for vascular health?
High fat diet-induced estrus cycle disruption: effects of Ficus asperifolia.
Ferulic acid regulates hepatic GLUT2 gene expression in high fat and fructose-induced type-2 diabetic adult male rat.
Translocation of uranium from water to foodstuff while cooking.
[Effects of conjugated linoleic acid and exercise on RBP4 of liver and adipose tissues in adolescent obese rats].
Validity of an FFQ assessing the vitamin D intake of young Serbian women living in a region without food fortification: the method of triads model.
The ability of genetically lean or fat slow-growing chickens to synthesize and store lipids is not altered by the dietary energy source.
Kaempferol ameliorates symptoms of metabolic syndrome by regulating activities of liver X receptor-β.
Instant coffee extract with high chlorogenic acids content inhibits hepatic G-6-Pase in vitro, but does not reduce the glycaemia.
Impact of corpulence parameters and haemoglobin A1c on metabolic control in type 2 diabetic patients: comparison of apolipoprotein B/A-I ratio with fasting and postprandial conventional lipid ratios.
Deciphering the therapeutic mechanisms of Xiao-Ke-An in treatment of type 2 diabetes in mice by a Fangjiomics approach.
MicroRNA-26a regulates insulin sensitivity and metabolism of glucose and lipids.
Acute but not chronic activation of brain glucagon-like peptide-1 receptors enhances glucose-stimulated insulin secretion in mice.
Hyperglycemia management in patients admitted to internal medicine in Spain: A point-prevalence survey examining adequacy of glycemic control and guideline adherence.
The nutritional content and cost of supermarket ready-meals. Cross-sectional analysis.
Habitual total water intake and dimensions of mood in healthy young women.
Juglone prevents metabolic endotoxemia-induced hepatitis and neuroinflammation via suppressing TLR4/NF-κB signaling pathway in high-fat diet rats.
Hibiscus sabdariffa calyx palliates insulin resistance, hyperglycemia, dyslipidemia and oxidative rout in fructose-induced metabolic syndrome rats.
Pancreatic Islet APJ Deletion Reduces Islet Density and Glucose Tolerance in Mice.
The effects of energy intake of four different feeding patterns in rats.
GLP-2 as Beneficial Factor in the Glucose Homeostasis in Mice Fed a High Fat Diet.
Antidiabetic Effect of Salvianolic Acid A on Diabetic Animal Models via AMPK Activation and Mitochondrial Regulation.
The Celiac Disease and Diabetes-Dietary Intervention and Evaluation Trial (CD-DIET) protocol: a randomised controlled study to evaluate treatment of asymptomatic coeliac disease in type 1 diabetes.
Histopathological changes in rat pancreas and skeletal muscle associated with high fat diet induced insulin resistance.
Additive protection by LDR and FGF21 treatment against diabetic nephropathy in type 2 diabetes model.
Relationship between wheat characteristics and nutrient digestibility in broilers: comparison between total collection and marker (titanium dioxide) technique.
Cross-sectional analysis of nutrition and serum uric acid in two Caucasian cohorts: the AusDiab Study and the Tromsø study.
Paeoniflorin Protects against Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Induced by a High-Fat Diet in Mice.
The physico-chemical properties of dietary fibre determine metabolic responses, short-chain Fatty Acid profiles and gut microbiota composition in rats fed low- and high-fat diets.
Identifying Vulnerable Atherosclerotic Plaque in Rabbits Using DMSA-USPIO Enhanced Magnetic Resonance Imaging to Investigate the Effect of Atorvastatin.
Effect of the PPARG2 Pro12Ala Polymorphism on Associations of Physical Activity and Sedentary Time with Markers of Insulin Sensitivity in Those with an Elevated Risk of Type 2 Diabetes.
Ascorbic acid abrogates microparticle generation and vascular injuries associated with high-pressure exposure.
Effects of selenium on endothelial dysfunction and metabolic profile in low dose streptozotocin induced diabetic rats fed a high fat diet.
Liver injury and fibrosis induced by dietary challenge in the Ossabaw miniature Swine.
Controversies surrounding high-protein diet intake: satiating effect and kidney and bone health.
The carbohydrate-fat problem: can we construct a healthy diet based on dietary guidelines?
Emerging nutrition science on fatty acids and cardiovascular disease: nutritionists' perspectives.
The effect of a whey protein supplement dose on satiety and food intake in resistance training athletes.
Gene expression related to lipid and glucose metabolism in white adipose tissue.
An experimental study on amelioration of dyslipidemia-induced atherosclesis by Clematichinenoside through regulating Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-α mediated apolipoprotein A-I, A-II and C-III.
Dietary supplementation with glutamine and γ-aminobutyric acid improves growth performance and serum parameters in 22- to 35-day-old broilers exposed to hot environment.
Residual feed intake is repeatable for lactating Holstein dairy cows fed high and low starch diets.
Milk production responses to a change in dietary starch concentration vary by production level in dairy cattle.
Metagenome Sequencing of the Hadza Hunter-Gatherer Gut Microbiota.
Design, synthesis, and biological evaluation of a series of alkoxy-3-indolylacetic acids as peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ/δ agonists.
Maternal micronutrient deficiency leads to alteration in the kidney proteome in rat pups.
Relationships between diet-related changes in the gut microbiome and cognitive flexibility.
The impact of thiamine supplementation on blood pressure, serum lipids and C-reactive protein in individuals with hyperglycemia: a randomised, double-blind cross-over trial.
Anniston community health survey: Follow-up and dioxin analyses (ACHS-II)--methods.
Effects of dietary Acid load on exercise metabolism and anaerobic exercise performance.
Middle and Long-Term Impact of a Very Low-Carbohydrate Ketogenic Diet on Cardiometabolic Factors: A Multi-Center, Cross-Sectional, Clinical Study.
The influence of the ketogenic diet on the elemental and biochemical compositions of the hippocampal formation.
Arachidonic acid impairs hypothalamic leptin signaling and hepatic energy homeostasis in mice.
Fetuin A promotes lipotoxicity in β cells through the TLR4 signaling pathway and the role of pioglitazone in anti-lipotoxicity.
Hydrolysis enhances bioavailability of proanthocyanidin-derived metabolites and improves β-cell function in glucose intolerant rats.
Alterations in sucrose sham-feeding intake as a function of diet-exposure in rats maintained on calorically dense diets.
Self-reported dietary fructose intolerance in irritable bowel syndrome: Proposed diagnostic criteria.
The effects of dietary oxidized konjac glucomannan and its acidolysis products on the immune response, expression of immune related genes and disease resistance of Schizothorax prenanti.
Ginsenoside Rg1 ameliorates oxidative stress and myocardial apoptosis in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
CRP, but not TNF-α or IL-6, decreases after weight loss in patients with morbid obesity exposed to intensive weight reduction and balneological treatment.
Inflammatory and metabolic responses to high-fat meals with and without dairy products in men.
High cardiometabolic risk in healthy Chilean adolescents: associations with anthropometric, biological and lifestyle factors.
Abnormalities in myo-inositol metabolism associated with type 2 diabetes in mice fed a high-fat diet: benefits of a dietary myo-inositol supplementation.
Calpain inhibition decreases myocardial apoptosis in a swine model of chronic myocardial ischemia.
Recombinant growth hormone therapy for cystic fibrosis in children and young adults.
θ-Defensin RTD-1 improves insulin action and normalizes plasma glucose and FFA levels in diet-induced obese rats.
Human microbiota-associated swine: current progress and future opportunities.
Changes in gut microbiota in rats fed a high fat diet correlate with obesity-associated metabolic parameters.
Long-Term Over-Expression of Neuropeptide Y in Hypothalamic Paraventricular Nucleus Contributes to Adipose Tissue Insulin Resistance Partly via the Y5 Receptor.
High Intake of Energy and Fat in Southwest Chinese Women with PCOS: A Population-Based Case-Control Study.
Exercise alters myostatin protein expression in sedentary and exercised streptozotocin-diabetic rats.
Nutrient intake of pregnant women at high risk of gestational diabetes.
Effects of sugar-sweetened beverage intake on the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance: the Mihama diabetes prevention study.
Dietary ribonucleic acid suppresses inflammation of adipose tissue and improves glucose intolerance that is mediated by immune cells in C57BL/6 mice fed a high-fat diet.
Profiling of cardiac β-adrenoceptor subtypes in the cardiac left ventricle of rats with metabolic syndrome: Comparison with streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
[Experimental Approach to Analysis of the Relationship between Food Environments and Lifestyle-Related Diseases, Including Cardiac Hypertrophy, Fatty Liver, and Fatigue Symptoms].
Low-Molecular-Weight Peptides from Salmon Protein Prevent Obesity-Linked Glucose Intolerance, Inflammation, and Dyslipidemia in LDLR-/-/ApoB100/100 Mice.
Consuming High-Protein Soy Snacks Affects Appetite Control, Satiety, and Diet Quality in Young People and Influences Select Aspects of Mood and Cognition.
[Determination of the glycemic index of the wild rice and the effects of wild rice on insulin resistance in rats].
[Survey on diet and nutrition intake for customers from out-home eating in Beijing].
Adaptation of faecal microbiota in sows after diet changes and consequences for in vitro fermentation capacity.
Free availability of high-energy foods led to energy over-ingestion and protein under-ingestion in choice-fed broilers.
NMR-based metabolomics highlights differences in plasma metabolites in pigs exhibiting diet-induced differences in adiposity.
Pterostilbene improves glycaemic control in rats fed an obesogenic diet: involvement of skeletal muscle and liver.
Effects of palatable cafeteria diet on cognitive and noncognitive behaviors and brain neurotrophins' levels in mice.
Postprandial glycaemic response: how is it influenced by characteristics of cereal products?
Childhood absence epilepsy successfully treated with the paleolithic ketogenic diet.
Inhibitory effects of eucalyptus and banaba leaf extracts on nonalcoholic steatohepatitis induced by a high-fructose/high-glucose diet in rats.
Use of viscous fibres in beverages for appetite control: a review of studies.
Hepatic glycogen storage disorders: what have we learned in recent years?
PCBP2 regulates hepatic insulin sensitivity via HIF-1α and STAT3 pathway in HepG2 cells.
Habitual sleep variability, not sleep duration, is associated with caloric intake in adolescents.
Paleolithic nutrition improves plasma lipid concentrations of hypercholesterolemic adults to a greater extent than traditional heart-healthy dietary recommendations.
Tetrapleura tetraptera spice attenuates high-carbohydrate, high-fat diet-induced obese and type 2 diabetic rats with metabolic syndrome features.
Recent Updates on Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor δ Agonists for the Treatment of Metabolic Syndrome.
Dietary Maillard reaction products and their fermented products reduce cardiovascular risk in an animal model.
Intense Sweeteners, Appetite for the Sweet Taste, and Relationship to Weight Management.
DHA at nutritional doses restores insulin sensitivity in skeletal muscle by preventing lipotoxicity and inflammation.
Fructose:glucose ratios--a study of sugar self-administration and associated neural and physiological responses in the rat.
Role of thymol on hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia in high fat diet-induced type 2 diabetic C57BL/6J mice.
Influence of polyphenols from lingonberry, cranberry, and red grape on in vitro digestibility of rice.
Familial hypercholesterolaemia in children and adolescents: gaining decades of life by optimizing detection and treatment.
Effects of a ketogenic diet on hippocampal plasticity in freely moving juvenile rats.
Review article: dietary fibre-microbiota interactions.
Oral and intestinal sweet and fat tasting: impact of receptor polymorphisms and dietary modulation for metabolic disease.
Platelet-activating factor modulates fat storage in the liver induced by a high-refined carbohydrate-containing diet.
Diabetes and diet in Ramadan.
Effects of a high-protein/low-carbohydrate versus a standard hypocaloric diet on adipocytokine levels and cardiovascular risk factors during 9 months, role of rs6923761 gene variant of glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor.
AAV8-mediated Sirt1 gene transfer to the liver prevents high carbohydrate diet-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
[Establishment and evaluation of a rat model of type 2 diabetes associated with depression].
[Decreased expression of calcium-sensing receptor involved in the progression of diabetic cardiomyopathy].
[Protective effect of curcumin derivative B06 on kidney of type 2 diabetic rats].
A Herbal Formula HT048, Citrus unshiu and Crataegus pinnatifida, Prevents Obesity by Inhibiting Adipogenesis and Lipogenesis in 3T3-L1 Preadipocytes and HFD-Induced Obese Rats.
Magnesium supplementation affects metabolic status and pregnancy outcomes in gestational diabetes: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Bilirubin Increases Insulin Sensitivity by Regulating Cholesterol Metabolism, Adipokines and PPARγ Levels.
Lycium ruthenicum extract alleviates high-fat diet-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease via enhancing the AMPK signaling pathway.
[Macronutrient food sources in a probabilistic sample of Brazilian adults].
Consumption of ultra-processed foods and their impact on the diet of young adults.
Combined high-fat diet and sustained high sucrose consumption promotes NAFLD in a murine model.
Assessment of food habits in children aged 6-12 years and the risk of caries.
Milk from dams fed an obesogenic diet combined with a high-fat/high-sugar diet induces long-term abnormal mammary gland development in the rabbit.
Serum lipid profiles, total tract nutrient digestibility, and gastrointestinal tolerance by dogs of α-cyclodextrin.
Fermentation and addition of enzymes to a diet based on high-moisture corn, rapeseed cake, and peas improve digestibility of nonstarch polysaccharides, crude protein, and phosphorus in pigs.
Impact of supplementing vitamin C for 56, 90, or 127 days on growth performance and carcass characteristics of steers fed a 0.31 or 0.59% sulfur diet.
Acetate and glucose incorporation into subcutaneous, intramuscular, and visceral fat of finishing steers.
Effects of duration of vitamin C supplementation during the finishing period on postmortem protein degradation, tenderness, and meat color of the longissimus muscle of calf-fed steers consuming a 0.31 or 0.59% sulfur diet.
Improving the activity of Lycium barbarum polysaccharide on sub-health mice.
Impact of soluble epoxide hydrolase inhibition on early kidney damage in hyperglycemic overweight mice.
p16ink4a Expression Is Increased through 12-Lipoxygenase in High Glucose-Stimulated Glomerular Mesangial Cells and Type 2 Diabetic Glomeruli.
Postnatal weight gain induced by overfeeding pups and maternal high-fat diet during the lactation period modulates glucose metabolism and the production of pancreatic and gastrointestinal peptides.
Pancreatic α-Amylase Controls Glucose Assimilation by Duodenal Retrieval through N-Glycan-specific Binding, Endocytosis, and Degradation.
High-fat diet induces hepatic insulin resistance and impairment of synaptic plasticity.
Assessment of food intakes for women adopting the high protein Dukan diet.
Exclusion of the Distal Ileum Cannot Reverse the Anti-Diabetic Effects of Duodenal-Jejunal Bypass Surgery.
Feeding-induced oleoylethanolamide mobilization is disrupted in the gut of diet-induced obese rodents.
Contribution of the low-frequency, loss-of-function p.R270H mutation in FFAR4 (GPR120) to increased fasting plasma glucose levels.
Association between dietary patterns and metabolic syndrome in individuals with normal weight: a cross-sectional study.
Identification of a dietary pattern associated with greater cardiometabolic risk in adolescence.
Quantitative assessment of the effects of beta-glucan consumption on serum lipid profile and glucose level in hypercholesterolemic subjects.
Brown midrib corn shredlage in diets for high-producing dairy cows.
Effect of prepartal ad libitum feeding of grass silage on transcriptional adaptations of the liver and subcutaneous adipose tissue in dairy cows during the periparturient period.
[Protective effects of Qizhen Jiangtang granules in diabetic nephropathy rats].
Interactions between psychological stress and drinking status in relation to diet among middle-aged men and women: a large-scale cross-sectional study in Japan.
KBP-042 improves bodyweight and glucose homeostasis with indices of increased insulin sensitivity irrespective of route of administration.
Dietary Protein to Carbohydrate Ratio and Caloric Restriction: Comparing Metabolic Outcomes in Mice.
A pilot study examining the effects of consuming a high-protein vs normal-protein breakfast on free-living glycemic control in overweight/obese 'breakfast skipping' adolescents.
Dietary resistant starch contained foods and breast cancer risk: a case-control study in northwest of Iran.
The Intra- or Extracellular Redox State Was Not Affected by a High vs. Low Glycemic Response Diet in Mice.
Nutrigenomics analysis reveals that copper deficiency and dietary sucrose up-regulate inflammation, fibrosis and lipogenic pathways in a mature rat model of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Effects of dietary inulin on bacterial growth, short-chain fatty acid production and hepatic lipid metabolism in gnotobiotic mice.
The antihyperlipidemic mechanism of high sulfate content ulvan in rats.
Amorphastilbol exerts beneficial effects on glucose and lipid metabolism in mice consuming a high-fat-diet.
The lysyl oxidase inhibitor β-aminopropionitrile reduces body weight gain and improves the metabolic profile in diet-induced obesity in rats.
Cardiospecific CD36 suppression by lentivirus-mediated RNA interference prevents cardiac hypertrophy and systolic dysfunction in high-fat-diet induced obese mice.
A vegetarian diet does not protect against nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD): A cross-sectional study between Buddhist priests and the general population.
Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass Alters Brain Activity in Regions that Underlie Reward and Taste Perception.
Nutritional, metabolic and cardiovascular correlations of morning cortisol in health care workers in a gastroenterology service.
Metabolic effects of high sucrose and saturated oil feeding on insulin resistance in Sprague-Dawley rats.
Reducing the global burden of type 2 diabetes by improving the quality of staple foods: The Global Nutrition and Epidemiologic Transition Initiative.
Mediterranean countries facing the Mediterranean Diet, are we still on track? The example of southern Spain midlife women.
Adipose tissue redistribution caused by an early consumption of a high sucrose diet in a rat model.
Impact of the consumption of a rich diet in butter and it replacement for a rich diet in extra virgin olive oil on anthropometric, metabolic and lipid profile in postmenopausal women.
Effects of exercise on inflammation in cardiac rehabilitation.
Effect of Chromium Supplementation on Element Distribution in a Mouse Model of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome.
Regular Consumption of a High-Phytate Diet Reduces the Inhibitory Effect of Phytate on Nonheme-Iron Absorption in Women with Suboptimal Iron Stores.
[Simvastatin's effect on insulin resistance in rats with diabetes mellitus].
Folate and nutrients involved in the 1-carbon cycle in the pretreatment of patients for colorectal cancer.
Quantitative analysis of myocardial 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose uptake by PET/CT for detection of cardiac sarcoidosis.
Salivary amylase - The enzyme of unspecialized euryphagous animals.
Obesity and Cardio-Metabolic Risk Factors in an Urban and Rural Population in the Ashanti Region-Ghana: A Comparative Cross-Sectional Study.
Effects of High Fat Feeding and Diabetes on Regression of Atherosclerosis Induced by Low-Density Lipoprotein Receptor Gene Therapy in LDL Receptor-Deficient Mice.
Calpain-1 Mediated Disorder of Pyrophosphate Metabolism Contributes to Vascular Calcification Induced by oxLDL.
Assessment of enzyme supplementation on growth performance and apparent nutrient digestibility in diets containing undecorticated sunflower seed meal in layer chicks.
Galectin-3 deficiency exacerbates hyperglycemia and the endothelial response to diabetes.
Protective effects of Ginkgo biloba leaf polysaccharide on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and its mechanisms.
Impact of ethnicity on progress of glycaemic control in 131,935 newly diagnosed patients with type 2 diabetes: a nationwide observational study from the Swedish National Diabetes Register.
Sugar intake is associated with progression from islet autoimmunity to type 1 diabetes: the Diabetes Autoimmunity Study in the Young.
Changes of the hindgut microbiota due to high-starch diet can be associated with behavioral stress response in horses.
Schisandra chinensis fruit modulates the gut microbiota composition in association with metabolic markers in obese women: a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled study.
Over-nutrient environment during both prenatal and postnatal development increases severity of islet injury, hyperglycemia, and metabolic disorders in the offspring.
Stable Isotope Ratios as Biomarkers of Diet for Health Research.
Stable oxyntomodulin analogues exert positive effects on hippocampal neurogenesis and gene expression as well as improving glucose homeostasis in high fat fed mice.
Functionality of alternative protein in gluten-free product development.
Correlation of Lactobacillus rhamnosus Genotypes and Carbohydrate Utilization Signatures Determined by Phenotype Profiling.
High sucrose consumption promotes obesity whereas its low consumption induces oxidative stress in Drosophila melanogaster.
Antidiabetic effects of flavonoids from Sophora flavescens EtOAc extract in type 2 diabetic KK-ay mice.
ASXL2 Regulates Glucose, Lipid, and Skeletal Homeostasis.
Radiotherapy-related arterial intima thickening and plaque formation in childhood cancer survivors detected with very-high resolution ultrasound during young adulthood.
Lipid profiles of adipose and muscle tissues in mouse models of juvenile onset of obesity without high fat diet induction: a Fourier transform infrared (FT-IR) spectroscopic study.
Potent anti-seizure effects of D-leucine.
A novel mouse model of diabetes mellitus using unilateral nephrectomy.
Atorvastatin delays the glucose clearance rate in hypercholesterolemic rabbits.
Energy intake and expenditure assessed 'in-season' in an elite European rugby union squad.
Strain differences in the attenuation of bone accrual in a young growing mouse model of insulin resistance.
Dual actions of a novel bifunctional compound to lower glucose in mice with diet-induced insulin resistance.
Is fructose malabsorption a cause of irritable bowel syndrome?
Short-term effects of ketogenic diet on anthropometric parameters, body fat distribution, and inflammatory cytokine production in GLUT1 deficiency syndrome.
Conjugated linoleic acid reduces visceral and ectopic lipid accumulation and insulin resistance in chronic severe hypertriacylglycerolemia.
Babies from Pakistani communities eat high sugar diets, study finds.
Maltitol Prevents the Progression of Fatty Liver Degeneration in Mice Fed High-Fat Diets.
A host-microbiome interaction mediates the opposing effects of omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids on metabolic endotoxemia.
Effect of Oenanthe Javanica Extract on Antioxidant Enzyme in the Rat Liver.
Effects of D-Pinitol on Insulin Resistance through the PI3K/Akt Signaling Pathway in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Rats.
Small Molecule Kaempferol Promotes Insulin Sensitivity and Preserved Pancreatic β -Cell Mass in Middle-Aged Obese Diabetic Mice.
The Difference in Nutrient Intakes between Chinese and Mediterranean, Japanese and American Diets.
Black Currant Anthocyanins Attenuate Weight Gain and Improve Glucose Metabolism in Diet-Induced Obese Mice with Intact, but Not Disrupted, Gut Microbiome.
Dietary Carbohydrate Intake Does Not Impact Insulin Resistance or Androgens in Healthy, Eumenorrheic Women.
Assessment of Nutritional Adequacy of Packaged Gluten-free Food Products.
The genetic architecture of NAFLD among inbred strains of mice.
A role for whey-derived lactoferrin and immunoglobulins in the attenuation of obesity-related inflammation and disease.
Comparative effects of hawthorn (Crataegus pinnatifida Bunge) pectin and pectin hydrolyzates on the cholesterol homeostasis of hamsters fed high-cholesterol diets.
Ouabain Attenuates Cardiac Hypertrophy of Male Rat Offspring Exposed to Intrauterine Growth Restriction Following High-Salt Diet Challenge.
Efficacy of dual-hormone artificial pancreas to alleviate the carbohydrate-counting burden of type 1 diabetes: A randomized crossover trial.
Intake of water and different beverages in adults across 13 countries.
Fermented barley extract supplementation ameliorates metabolic state in stroke-prone spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Differential metabolic and endocrine adaptations in llamas, sheep, and goats fed high- and low-protein grass-based diets.
Lean rats gained more body weight from a high-fructooligosaccharide diet.
Six-month efficacy and safety of amfepramone in obese Mexican patients: a double-blinded, randomized, controlled trial.
Relation of Dietary Glycemic Index and Glycemic Load to Coronary Artery Calcium in Asymptomatic Korean Adults.
Coptisine attenuates obesity-related inflammation through LPS/TLR-4-mediated signaling pathway in Syrian golden hamsters.
Feeding fat from distillers dried grains with solubles to dairy heifers: I. Effects on growth performance and total-tract digestibility of nutrients.
Feeding fat from distillers dried grains with solubles to dairy heifers: II. Effects on metabolic profile.
Energy Intake, Profile, and Dietary Sources in the Spanish Population: Findings of the ANIBES Study.
Troxerutin reverses fibrotic changes in the myocardium of high-fat high-fructose diet-fed mice.
Progression of non-alcoholic steatosis to steatohepatitis and fibrosis parallels cumulative accumulation of danger signals that promote inflammation and liver tumors in a high fat-cholesterol-sugar diet model in mice.
Homoarginine supplementation improves blood glucose in diet-induced obese mice.
DJ-1 links muscle ROS production with metabolic reprogramming and systemic energy homeostasis in mice.
FTO-dependent function of N6-methyladenosine is involved in the hepatoprotective effects of betaine on adolescent mice.
Low physical activity and energy dense Malaysian foods are associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in centrally obese but not in non-centrally obese patients with diabetes mellitus.
Mouse handling limits the impact of stress on metabolic endpoints.
Food and beverage cues in children's television programmes: the influence of programme genre.
Lipoprotein subfraction cholesterol distribution is more atherogenic in insulin resistant adolescents with type 1 diabetes.
n-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids protect against pancreatic β-cell damage due to ER stress and prevent diabetes development.
Consumption of sucrose-sweetened soft drinks increases plasma levels of uric acid in overweight and obese subjects: a 6-month randomised controlled trial.
Effect of high fat diet on artificial oocyte activation following superovulation in mice.
Trefoil Factor 3 (TFF3) Is Regulated by Food Intake, Improves Glucose Tolerance and Induces Mucinous Metaplasia.
The Ketogenic Diet Alters the Hypoxic Response and Affects Expression of Proteins Associated with Angiogenesis, Invasive Potential and Vascular Permeability in a Mouse Glioma Model.
Butyrylated starch intake can prevent red meat-induced O6-methyl-2-deoxyguanosine adducts in human rectal tissue: a randomised clinical trial.
Phenotypic assays identify azoramide as a small-molecule modulator of the unfolded protein response with antidiabetic activity.
Effects of a grape-supplemented diet on proliferation and Wnt signaling in the colonic mucosa are greatest for those over age 50 and with high arginine consumption.
In vivo cardiac glucose metabolism in the high-fat fed mouse: Comparison of euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp derived measures of glucose uptake with a dynamic metabolomic flux profiling approach.
Western diet-induced anxiolytic effects in mice are associated with alterations in tryptophan metabolism.
Feeding a High Concentrate Diet Down-Regulates Expression of ACACA, LPL and SCD and Modifies Milk Composition in Lactating Goats.
A novel benzenediamine derivative FC98 reduces insulin resistance in high fat diet-induced obese mice by suppression of metaflammation.
Dan-Qi prescription ameliorates insulin resistance through overall corrective regulation of glucose and fat metabolism.
[Protective effect of arctigenin in GK rats combined with hypertension macroangiopathy].
D-Xylose suppresses adipogenesis and regulates lipid metabolism genes in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Dietary fat and carbohydrate have different effects on body weight, energy expenditure, glucose homeostasis and behaviour in adult cats fed to energy requirement.
Individual CLA Isomers, c9t11 and t10c12, Prevent Excess Liver Glycogen Storage and Inhibit Lipogenic Genes Expression Induced by High-Fructose Diet in Rats.
Histologic and Metabolic Derangement in High-Fat, High-Fructose, and Combination Diet Animal Models.
Ghrelin agonist does not foster insulin resistance but improves cognition in an Alzheimer's disease mouse model.
Maternal high-fat diet is associated with impaired fetal lung development.
Sodium Orthovanadate and Trigonella Foenum Graecum Prevents Neuronal Parameters Decline and Impaired Glucose Homeostasis in Alloxan Diabetic Rats.
Relationships Between Metabolic Syndrome, Microalbuminuria, and C-Reactive Protein in Turkish Kidney Transplant Recipients.
Application of GC/MS-based metabonomic profiling in studying the therapeutic effects of Huangbai-Zhimu herb-pair (HZ) extract on streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetes in mice.
Effects of the amount of rice in meals on postprandial blood pressure in older people with postprandial hypotension: a within-subjects design.
Equine insulin receptor and insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor expression in digital lamellar tissue and insulin target tissues.
Hematopoietic androgen receptor deficiency promotes visceral fat deposition in male mice without impairing glucose homeostasis.
Selection of reference genes for expression analyses in liver of rats with impaired glucose metabolism.
Metabolic Syndrome Is Associated with Increased Oxo-Nitrative Stress and Asthma-Like Changes in Lungs.
Successful Management of Type 2 Diabetes with Lifestyle Intervention: A Case Report.
Effect of Fenugreek Seeds on Serum Metabolic Factors and Adiponectin Levels in Type 2 Diabetic Patients.
Fructose Mediated Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Is Attenuated by HO-1-SIRT1 Module in Murine Hepatocytes and Mice Fed a High Fructose Diet.
Overexpression of protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B impairs glucose-stimulated insulin secretion in INS-1 cells.
PI3K-C2γ is a Rab5 effector selectively controlling endosomal Akt2 activation downstream of insulin signalling.
Comparison of the digestive efficiency of extruded diets fed to ferrets (Mustela putorius furo), dogs (Canis familiaris) and cats (Felis catus).
Effect of tetrahydrocurcumin on the profiles of drug-metabolizing enzymes induced by a high fat and high fructose diet in mice.
Ganoderma lucidum reduces obesity in mice by modulating the composition of the gut microbiota.
Effects of β(3)-adrenoceptor activation on expression of pancreatic adrenoceptors and angiotensin II receptors in ApoE(-/-) mice.
Fatty acid-binding protein 5 limits the anti-inflammatory response in murine macrophages.
Pancreatic alpha-cells from female mice undergo morphofunctional changes during compensatory adaptations of the endocrine pancreas to diet-induced obesity.
Micronutrient Deficiencies in Morbidly Obese Women Prior to Bariatric Surgery.
High glycemic index diet as a risk factor for depression: analyses from the Women's Health Initiative.
Antidotal activity of Averrhoa carambola (Star fruit) on fluoride induced toxicity in rats.
A Moderate Low-Carbohydrate Low-Calorie Diet Improves Lipid Profile, Insulin Sensitivity and Adiponectin Expression in Rats.
Ketogenic diet does not impair spatial ability controlled by the hippocampus in male rats.
A novel therapeutic approach for LPIN1 mutation-associated rhabdomyolysis--The Austrian experience.
High-intensity interval training without weight loss improves exercise but not basal or insulin-induced metabolism in overweight/obese African American women.
Insufficient glucose supply is linked to hypothermia upon cold exposure in high-fat diet-fed mice lacking PEMT.
A nude mouse model of obesity to study the mechanisms of resistance to aromatase inhibitors.
Contrasting association of circulating sCD14 with insulin sensitivity in non-obese and morbidly obese subjects.
Effects of fat-enriched diet and methionine on insulin sensitivity in lactating cows.
The effects of dietary verbascoside on blood and liver oxidative stress status induced by a high n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids diet in piglets.
Xylanase increased the ileal digestibility of nonstarch polysaccharides and concentration of low molecular weight nondigestible carbohydrates in pigs fed high levels of wheat distillers dried grains with solubles.
Effect of rate of weight gain of steers during the stocker phase. IV. Rumen fermentation characteristics and expression of genes involved in substrate utilization for fatty acid synthesis in adipose tissues of growing-finishing beef cattle.
Effect of precision feeding high- and low-quality forage with different rumen protein degradability levels on nutrient utilization by dairy heifers.
A randomized trial on the effects of 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans and Korean diet patterns on cardiovascular risk factors in overweight and obese adults.
Improving agar electrospinnability with choline-based deep eutectic solvents.
Lactobionic acid reduces body weight gain in diet-induced obese rats by targeted inhibition of galectin-1.
Supplementing fresh bovine colostrum with gut-active carbohydrates reduces passive transfer of immunoglobulin G in Holstein dairy calves.
Relationship of three different types of low-carbohydrate diet to cardiometabolic risk factors in a Japanese population: the INTERMAP/INTERLIPID Study.
[18F]FDG Accumulation in Early Coronary Atherosclerotic Lesions in Pigs.
Monosodium Glutamate Dietary Consumption Decreases Pancreatic β-Cell Mass in Adult Wistar Rats.
Proteomic Identification of Target Proteins of Thiodigalactoside in White Adipose Tissue from Diet-Induced Obese Rats.
Effects of insulin therapy on weight gain and fat distribution in the HF/HS-STZ rat model of type 2 diabetes.
Energy-dense snacks can have the same expected satiation as sugar-containing beverages.
p66Shc deletion or deficiency protects from obesity but not metabolic dysfunction in mice and humans.
Australia's nutrition transition 1961-2009: a focus on fats.
The frog skin host-defense peptide CPF-SE1 improves glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity and islet function and decreases plasma lipids in high-fat fed mice.
β-Lactoglobulin detected in human milk forms noncovalent complexes with maltooligosaccharides as revealed by chip-nanoelectrospray high-resolution tandem mass spectrometry.
Activation of insulin signaling and energy sensing network by AICAR, an AMPK activator in insulin resistant rat tissues.
Estimated Global, Regional, and National Disease Burdens Related to Sugar-Sweetened Beverage Consumption in 2010.
Effects of Dietary Energy Sources on Post Mortem Glycolysis, Meat Quality and Muscle Fibre Type Transformation of Finishing Pigs.
D-Fagomine attenuates metabolic alterations induced by a high-energy-dense diet in rats.
Transient diabetes mellitus in a domestic ferret (Mustela putorius furo).
A randomized pilot study of dietary treatments for polycystic ovary syndrome in adolescents.
A Sucrose Mouth Rinse Does Not Improve 1-hr Cycle Time Trial Performance When Performed in the Fasted or Fed State.
Effect of Stay-Green Wheat, a Novel Variety of Wheat in China, on Glucose and Lipid Metabolism in High-Fat Diet Induced Type 2 Diabetic Rats.
Protein-energy malnutrition at mid-adulthood does not imprint long-term metabolic consequences in male rats.
Treatment with PPARδ agonist alleviates non-alcoholic fatty liver disease by modulating glucose and fatty acid metabolic enzymes in a rat model.
Uric acid as a modulator of glucose and lipid metabolism.
An Immune-Modulating Diet in Combination with Chemotherapy Prevents Cancer Cachexia by Attenuating Systemic Inflammation in Colon 26 Tumor-Bearing Mice.
Farnesoid X receptor inhibits glucagon-like peptide-1 production by enteroendocrine L cells.
A novel mice model of metabolic syndrome: the high-fat-high-fructose diet-fed ICR mice.
Butter increased total and LDL cholesterol compared with olive oil but resulted in higher HDL cholesterol compared with a habitual diet.
Effect of caloric restriction on the SIRT1/mTOR signaling pathways in senile mice.
Metabonomic Profiling Reveals Cancer Chemopreventive Effects of American Ginseng on Colon Carcinogenesis in Apc(Min/+) Mice.
The n-3 long-chain PUFAs modulate the impact of the GCKR Pro446Leu polymorphism on triglycerides in adolescents.
[Effect of different dietary fat intake on blood lipids, body fat, adiponectin and leptin on energy balance status in rats].
[Effect of MDG-1, a polysaccharide from Ophiopogon japonicas, on diversity of lactobacillus in diet-induced obese mice].
[The brain-gut axis: insights from the obese pig model].
[I10W]tigerinin-1R enhances both insulin sensitivity and pancreatic beta cell function and decreases adiposity and plasma triglycerides in high-fat mice.
A prepartum diet supplemented with oilseeds high in oleic or linoleic acid reduced GnRH-induced LH release in dairy cows during second week postpartum.
Altered distribution of regulatory lymphocytes by oral administration of soy-extracts exerts a hepatoprotective effect alleviating immune mediated liver injury, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and insulin resistance.
Mitochondrial fusion/fission process involved in the improvement of catalpol on high glucose-induced hepatic mitochondrial dysfunction.
Effect of aerobic exercise training followed by a low-calorie diet on metabolic syndrome risk factors in men.
Isomeric effects of anti-diabetic α-lipoic acid with γ-cyclodextrin.
In situ identification and quantification of starch-hydrolyzing bacteria attached to barley and corn grain in the rumen of cows fed barley-based diets.
Relationship between hyperuricemia and dietary risk factors in Chinese adults: a cross-sectional study.
The Role of Glucose Modulation and Dietary Supplementation in Patients With Central Nervous System Tumors.
High-glucose diets have sex-specific effects on aging in C. elegans: toxic to hermaphrodites but beneficial to males.
High fructose consumption in pregnancy alters the perinatal environment without increasing metabolic disease in the offspring.
Green Synthesis of Oxovanadium(IV)/chitosan Nanocomposites and Its Ameliorative Effect on Hyperglycemia, Insulin Resistance, and Oxidative Stress.
The prebiotics 3'Sialyllactose and 6'Sialyllactose diminish stressor-induced anxiety-like behavior and colonic microbiota alterations: Evidence for effects on the gut-brain axis.
Chronic peroxisome proliferator-activated receptorβ/δ agonist GW0742 prevents hypertension, vascular inflammatory and oxidative status, and endothelial dysfunction in diet-induced obesity.
Dietary Antioxidants and Melanoma: Evidence from Cohort and Intervention Studies.
Oxidized LDL and Fructosamine Associated with Severity of Coronary Artery Atherosclerosis in Insulin Resistant Pigs Fed a High Fat/High NaCl Diet.
Low-energy density and high fiber intake are dietary concerns in female endurance athletes.
L-Carnitine supplementation improved clinical status without changing oxidative stress and lipid profile in women with knee osteoarthritis.
Enhanced flavor-nutrient conditioning in obese rats on a high-fat, high-carbohydrate choice diet.
Structural and ultrastructural evaluation of the aortic wall after transplantation of bone marrow-derived cells (BMCs) in a model for atherosclerosis.
A high-sugar and high-fat diet impairs cardiac systolic and diastolic function in mice.
Proteome from patients with metabolic syndrome is regulated by quantity and quality of dietary lipids.
Phenotypic Characterization of MIP-CreERT1Lphi Mice With Transgene-Driven Islet Expression of Human Growth Hormone.
Maternal Plane of Nutrition during Late Gestation and Weaning Age Alter Angus × Simmental Offspring Longissimus Muscle Transcriptome and Intramuscular Fat.
Acarbose versus trans-chalcone: comparing the effect of two glycosidase inhibitors on obese mice.
Effect of glycemic index on obesity control.
Comparing Simple Insulin Sensitivity Indices to the Oral Minimal Model Postexercise.
The Influence of Seasonal Frugivory on Nutrient and Energy Intake in Wild Western Gorillas.
Suppression of hyperinsulinaemia in growing female mice provides long-term protection against obesity.
Metabolic faecal fingerprinting of trans-resveratrol and quercetin following a high-fat sucrose dietary model using liquid chromatography coupled to high-resolution mass spectrometry.
Fiber and Saturated Fat Are Associated with Sleep Arousals and Slow Wave Sleep.
Nutritional Knowledge, Practice, and Dietary Habits among school Children and Adolescents.
Mice that gorged during dietary restriction increased foraging related behaviors and differed in their macronutrient preference when released from restriction.
Trends in Elevated Blood Pressure Among US Children and Adolescents: 1999-2012.
Low alpha-synuclein levels in the blood are associated with insulin resistance.
Glycemic index, glycemic load and glycemic response: An International Scientific Consensus Summit from the International Carbohydrate Quality Consortium (ICQC).
Fish Oil Accelerates Diet-Induced Entrainment of the Mouse Peripheral Clock via GPR120.
TLR4 antagonist attenuates atherogenesis in LDL receptor-deficient mice with diet-induced type 2 diabetes.
Pappa2 deletion alters IGFBPs but has little effect on glucose disposal or adiposity.
Impact of feed additives on surface mucosal health and columnaris susceptibility in channel catfish fingerlings, Ictalurus punctatus.
Targeted plasma metabolome response to variations in dietary glycemic load in a randomized, controlled, crossover feeding trial in healthy adults.
Effects of a high-protein/low carbohydrate versus a standard hypocaloric diet on adipocytokine levels and insulin resistance in obese patients along 9 months.
Berberine inhibits hepatic gluconeogenesis via the LKB1-AMPK-TORC2 signaling pathway in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Palmitic acid-rich diet suppresses glucose-stimulated insulin secretion (GSIS) and induces endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress in pancreatic islets in mice.
Tissue Inhibitor Of Matrix Metalloproteinase-1 Is Required for High-Fat Diet-Induced Glucose Intolerance and Hepatic Steatosis in Mice.
Nicotinamide N-methyltransferase regulates hepatic nutrient metabolism through Sirt1 protein stabilization.
Diet-induced pre-diabetes slows cardiac conductance and promotes arrhythmogenesis.
Protective Effects of Tamarillo (Cyphomandra betacea) Extract against High Fat Diet Induced Obesity in Sprague-Dawley Rats.
Effects of Lonicera japonica Thunb. on Type 2 Diabetes via PPAR-γ Activation in Rats.
Fat and Sucrose Intake Induces Obesity-Related Bone Metabolism Disturbances: Kinetic and Reversibility Studies in Growing and Adult Rats.
Effect of Intravenous Iron Supplementation on Acute Mountain Sickness: A Preliminary Randomized Controlled Study.
Detection of Myocardial Metabolic Abnormalities by 18F-FDG PET/CT and Corresponding Pathological Changes in Beagles with Local Heart Irradiation.
Associations of Low-Intensity Resistance Training with Body Composition and Lipid Profile in Obese Patients with Type 2 Diabetes.
Fructose-containing sugars and cardiovascular disease.
CX3CR1 is a gatekeeper for intestinal barrier integrity in mice: Limiting steatohepatitis by maintaining intestinal homeostasis.
Diets with high-fat cheese, high-fat meat, or carbohydrate on cardiovascular risk markers in overweight postmenopausal women: a randomized crossover trial.
Potent therapeutic effects of shouwu jiangqi decoction on polycystic ovary syndrome with insulin resistance in rats.
Oral administration of the Aureobasidium pullulans-derived β-glucan effectively prevents the development of high fat diet-induced fatty liver in mice.
Maternal Fish Oil Supplementation Affects the Social Behavior, Brain Fatty Acid Profile, and Sickness Response of Piglets.
The Efficacy of Ketogenic Diet and Associated Hypoglycemia as an Adjuvant Therapy for High-Grade Gliomas: A Review of the Literature.
Reversing type 2 diabetes with lifestyle change.
Effect of an Acute High Carbohydrate Diet on Body Composition Using DXA in Young Men.
Macronutrient Intake and Inadequacies of Community-Dwelling Older Adults, a Systematic Review.
Acute and Chronic Effects of Dietary Lactose in Adult Rats Are not Explained by Residual Intestinal Lactase Activity.
The Healthy Beverage Index Is Associated with Reduced Cardiometabolic Risk in US Adults: A Preliminary Analysis.
Energy Expenditure Responses to Fasting and Overfeeding Identify Phenotypes Associated With Weight Change.
Ameliorative effects of lutein on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in rats.
CD36 expression and lipid metabolism following an oral glucose challenge in South Asians.
Vitamin D Deficiency and Cardiometabolic Risks: A Juxtaposition of Arab Adolescents and Adults.
Salidroside improves endothelial function and alleviates atherosclerosis by activating a mitochondria-related AMPK/PI3K/Akt/eNOS pathway.
Differential regulation of the expression of lipid metabolism-related genes with skeletal muscle type in growing chickens.
Diet-Induced Podocyte Dysfunction in Drosophila and Mammals.
Modulation of tissue fatty acids by L-carnitine attenuates metabolic syndrome in diet-induced obese rats.
A case of adult-onset type II citrullinemia induced by hospital diet.
Energy and macronutrient intake and risk of differentiated thyroid carcinoma in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition study.
Targeted Induction of Ceramide Degradation Leads to Improved Systemic Metabolism and Reduced Hepatic Steatosis.
High-fat diet induced insulin resistance in pregnant rats through pancreatic pax6 signaling pathway.
Effects of preventative application of metformin on bile acid metabolism in high fat-fed/streptozotocin-diabetic rats.
The Ketogenic Diet Does Not Affect Growth of Hedgehog Pathway Medulloblastoma in Mice.
Hypothalamic inflammation and gliosis in obesity.
Characterisation of Atherogenic Effects of Low Carbohydrate, High Protein Diet (LCHP) in ApoE/LDLR-/- Mice.
The uptake and bioaccumulation of heavy metals by food plants, their effects on plants nutrients, and associated health risk: a review.
Fucoidan from sea cucumber Cucumaria frondosa exhibits anti-hyperglycemic effects in insulin resistant mice via activating the PI3K/PKB pathway and GLUT4.
Sugar-Sweetened Beverages and Obesity Risk in Children and Adolescents: A Systematic Analysis on How Methodological Quality May Influence Conclusions.
An Adolescent Case of Citrin Deficiency With Severe Anorexia Mimicking Anorexia Nervosa.
Replacing SNAP-25b with SNAP-25a expression results in metabolic disease.
Pharmacological TLR4 Inhibition Protects against Acute and Chronic Fat-Induced Insulin Resistance in Rats.
Extremely rapid increase in fatty acid transport and intramyocellular lipid accumulation but markedly delayed insulin resistance after high fat feeding in rats.
Reversal of diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance by inducible genetic ablation of GRK2.
Quantifying phenotypic flexibility as the response to a high-fat challenge test in different states of metabolic health.
CDA directs metabolism of epigenetic nucleosides revealing a therapeutic window in cancer.
Metabolic and testicular effects of the long-term administration of different high-fat diets in adult rats.
Soybean Oil Is More Obesogenic and Diabetogenic than Coconut Oil and Fructose in Mouse: Potential Role for the Liver.
Irisin inhibits hepatic gluconeogenesis and increases glycogen synthesis via the PI3K/Akt pathway in type 2 diabetic mice and hepatocytes.
Ferulic acid exerts its antidiabetic effect by modulating insulin-signalling molecules in the liver of high-fat diet and fructose-induced type-2 diabetic adult male rat.
Furostanolic saponins from Trigonella foenum-graecum alleviate diet-induced glucose intolerance and hepatic fat accumulation.
Alleviation of high fat diet-induced obesity by oligofructose in gnotobiotic mice is independent of presence of Bifidobacterium longum.
Para-Tyrosine Supplementation Improves Insulin- and Liraglutide- Induced Vasorelaxation in Cholesterol-Fed Rats.
Breakfast is associated with the metabolic syndrome and school performance among Taiwanese children.
A Comprehensive Inter-Tissue Crosstalk Analysis Underlying Progression and Control of Obesity and Diabetes.
Hepatic insulin resistance and increased hepatic glucose production in mice lacking Fgf21.
Fructose and liver function--is this behind nonalcoholic liver disease?
Curcuma oil ameliorates insulin resistance &amp; associated thrombotic complications in hamster &amp; rat.
Duodenal-Jejunal Bypass Surgery Ameliorates Glucose Homeostasis and Reduces Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress in the Liver Tissue in a Diabetic Rat Model.
Hypothalamic NUCKS regulates peripheral glucose homoeostasis.
A historical exploration of Indian diets and a possible link to insulin resistance syndrome.
High salt primes a specific activation state of macrophages, M(Na).
Dysregulation of Hypothalamo-Pituitary-Adrenocortical Axis in Overweight Female Diabetic Subjects is Associated with Downregulation of Corticosteroid Receptors and 11β-HSD1 in the Brain.
[Recommendations of the Spanish Paediatric Endocrinology Society Working Group on Obesity on eating habits for the prevention of obesity and cardiovascular risk factors in childhood].
Effect of GBOT on blood lipid and blood glucose metabolism in rats with atherosclerosis.
JTP-103237, a monoacylglycerol acyltransferase inhibitor, prevents fatty liver and suppresses both triglyceride synthesis and de novo lipogenesis.
Effects of Dietary Different Doses of Copper and High Fructose Feeding on Rat Fecal Metabolome.
New Paradigm for the Treatment of Glucose Transporter 1 Deficiency Syndrome: Low Glycemic Index Diet and Modified High Amylopectin Cornstarch.
Moderate intensity physical activity prevents increased blood glucose concentrations, fat pad deposition and cardiac action potential prolongation following diet-induced obesity in a juvenile-adolescent rat model.
Rats Prone to Obesity Under a High-Carbohydrate Diet have Increased Post-Meal CCK mRNA Expression and Characteristics of Rats Fed a High-Glycemic Index Diet.
Dietary Rosa mosqueta (Rosa rubiginosa) oil prevents high diet-induced hepatic steatosis in mice.
The Association between Dietary Patterns and Semen Quality in a General Asian Population of 7282 Males.
Differential Immunometabolic Phenotype in Th1 and Th2 Dominant Mouse Strains in Response to High-Fat Feeding.
Dietary DHA reduces downstream endocannabinoid and inflammatory gene expression and epididymal fat mass while improving aspects of glucose use in muscle in C57BL/6J mice.
Differential effects of prenatal stress on metabolic programming in diet-induced obese and dietary-resistant rats.
Inhibition of 11β-HSD1 by LG13 improves glucose metabolism in type 2 diabetic mice.
Fasting until noon triggers increased postprandial hyperglycemia and impaired insulin response after lunch and dinner in individuals with type 2 diabetes: a randomized clinical trial.
The association between state bans on soda only and adolescent substitution with other sugar-sweetened beverages: a cross-sectional study.
Vitamin D and cardiovascular risk among adults with obesity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Mild Caloric Restriction Decreases Insulin Requirements in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes and Severe Insulin Resistance.
Improved end-stage high-intensity performance but similar glycemic responses after waxy barley starch ingestion compared to dextrose in type 1 diabetes.
Comparison of low- and high-carbohydrate diets for type 2 diabetes management: a randomized trial.
Dietary intake habits and controlled training on body composition and strength in elite female volleyball players during the season.
ACE2 Deficiency Worsens Epicardial Adipose Tissue Inflammation and Cardiac Dysfunction in Response to Diet-Induced Obesity.
Diet and Colorectal Cancer Risk in Asia--a Systematic Review.
Early Diet and Later Cancer Risk: Prospective Associations of Dietary Patterns During Critical Periods of Childhood with the GH-IGF Axis, Insulin Resistance and Body Fatness in Younger Adulthood.
Barley malt increases hindgut and portal butyric acid, modulates gene expression of gut tight junction proteins and Toll-like receptors in rats fed high-fat diets, but high advanced glycation end-products partially attenuate the effects.
Effect of a high fat, high sucrose diet on the promotion of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in male rats: the ameliorative role of three natural compounds.
Low-grade inflammation, diet composition and health: current research evidence and its translation.
METABOLISM. S-Nitrosylation links obesity-associated inflammation to endoplasmic reticulum dysfunction.
Combining citrulline with atorvastatin preserves glucose homeostasis in a murine model of diet-induced obesity.
BMI, eating habits and sleep in relation to salivary counts of mutans streptococci in children - the IDEFICS Sweden study.
Rat Models of Diet-Induced Obesity and High Fat/Low Dose Streptozotocin Type 2 Diabetes: Effect of Reversal of High Fat Diet Compared to Treatment with Enalapril or Menhaden Oil on Glucose Utilization and Neuropathic Endpoints.
BDNF levels in adipose tissue and hypothalamus were reduced in mice with MSG-induced obesity.
Effects of amount and type of dietary fats on postprandial lipemia and thrombogenic markers in individuals with metabolic syndrome.
Effect of different fat-enriched meats on non-cholesterol sterols and oxysterols as markers of cholesterol metabolism: Results of a randomized and cross-over clinical trial.
Effects of partly replacing dietary starch with fiber and fat on milk production and energy partitioning.
Potential contribution of African green leafy vegetables and maize porridge composite meals to iron and zinc nutrition.
Soluble arabinoxylan alters digesta flow and protein digestion of red meat-containing diets in pigs.
Effect of aquatic interval training with Mediterranean diet counseling in obese patients: results of a preliminary study.
Irisin levels in the progression of diabetes in sedentary women.
Gut microbiota richness promotes its stability upon increased dietary fibre intake in healthy adults.
The role of endoplasmic reticulum stress and insulin resistance in the occurrence of goose fatty liver.
Advanced glycation end-products: modifiable environmental factors profoundly mediate insulin resistance.
The effects of moderate exercise on secretory IgA production in mice depends on dietary carbohydrate intake.
Effects of consuming a diet high in fat and/or sugar on the locomotor effects of acute and repeated cocaine in male and female C57BL/6J mice.
Prebiotic effect of Agave fourcroydes fructans: an animal model.
3-O-Hydroxytyrosol glucuronide and 4-O-hydroxytyrosol glucuronide reduce endoplasmic reticulum stress in vitro.
High salt intake: independent risk factor for obesity?
Epigenetic Changes in the Methylation Patterns of KCNQ1 and WT1 after a Weight Loss Intervention Program in Obese Stroke Patients.
Type 2 Diabetes-Associated K+ Channel TALK-1 Modulates β-Cell Electrical Excitability, Second-Phase Insulin Secretion, and Glucose Homeostasis.
Prolonged diet-induced obesity in mice modifies the inflammatory response and leads to worse outcome after stroke.
Effects of glucomannan/spirulina-surimi on liver oxidation and inflammation in Zucker rats fed atherogenic diets.
Nutrition-based interventions to address metabolic syndrome in the Navajo: a systematic review.
Ablation of XP-V gene causes adipose tissue senescence and metabolic abnormalities.
Construction and evaluation of an adenoviral vector for the liver-specific expression of the serine/arginine-rich splicing factor, SRSF3.
Glycated Hemoglobin, Fasting Insulin and the Metabolic Syndrome in Males. Cross-Sectional Analyses of the Aragon Workers' Health Study Baseline.
Does trans-10, cis-12 conjugated linoleic acid affect the intermediary glucose and energy expenditure of dairy cows due to repartitioning of milk component synthesis?
A novel formula from mulberry leaf ameliorates diabetic nephropathy in rats via inhibiting the TGF-β1 pathway.
Characteristics of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease induced in wistar rats following four different diets.
The Burden and Determinants of Non Communicable Diseases Risk Factors in Nepal: Findings from a Nationwide STEPS Survey.
Rescue of Fructose-Induced Metabolic Syndrome by Antibiotics or Faecal Transplantation in a Rat Model of Obesity.
Obesity and Hepatic Steatosis Are Associated with Elevated Serum Amyloid Beta in Metabolically Stressed APPswe/PS1dE9 Mice.
Human Milk Analysis Using Mid-Infrared Spectroscopy.
Energy and macronutrient intakes and adherence to dietary guidelines of infants and toddlers in Belgium.
The Characterization of Feces and Urine: A Review of the Literature to Inform Advanced Treatment Technology.
Obesity and Dyslipidemia
Adiponectin receptor-mediated signaling ameliorates cerebral cell damage and regulates the neurogenesis of neural stem cells at high glucose concentrations: an in vivo and in vitro study.
Renal Transcriptome Analysis of Programmed Hypertension Induced by Maternal Nutritional Insults.
Rice Bran Protein Hydrolysates Improve Insulin Resistance and Decrease Pro-inflammatory Cytokine Gene Expression in Rats Fed a High Carbohydrate-High Fat Diet.
Postprandial Effect of a High-Fat Meal on Endotoxemia in Arab Women with and without Insulin-Resistance-Related Diseases.
Ferulic Acid Alleviates Changes in a Rat Model of Metabolic Syndrome Induced by High-Carbohydrate, High-Fat Diet.
Comparison of feeding habits and physical activity between eutrophic and overweight/obese children and adolescents: a cross sectional study.
Decreased rates of operant food self-administration are associated with reward deficits in high-fat feeding mice.
Effect of feeding greater amounts of dietary energy for a short-term with or without eCG injection on reproductive performance, serum metabolites and hormones in ewes.
Effects of selenium supplementation on glucose homeostasis, inflammation, and oxidative stress in gestational diabetes: Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Nutritional Considerations for the Overweight Young Athlete.
Effect of semolina-jaggery diet on survival and development of Drosophila melanogaster.
Efficacy of Berberine in Patients with Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Evaluation of the BDCA2-DTR Transgenic Mouse Model in Chronic and Acute Inflammation.
Prevention of cardiac hypertrophy by the use of a glycosphingolipid synthesis inhibitor in ApoE-/- mice.
Using food as reinforcer to shape children's non-food behavior: The adverse nutritional effect doubly moderated by reward sensitivity and gender.
Effect of dietary energy source and level on nutrient digestibility, rumen microbial protein synthesis, and milk performance in lactating dairy cows.
Elevated nocturnal NEFA are an early signal for hyperinsulinaemic compensation during diet-induced insulin resistance in dogs.
Tolerance of rising dietary concentrations of esterified propoxylated glycerol (EPG) among human volunteers.
Dietary exposure to benzoxazinoids enhances bacteria-induced monokine responses by peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Increased Butyrate Production During Long-Term Fermentation of In Vitro-Digested High Amylose Cornstarch Residues with Human Feces.
Ketogenic diet prevents epileptogenesis and disease progression in adult mice and rats.
Hypoglycemic Activity through a Novel Combination of Fruiting Body and Mycelia of Cordyceps militaris in High-Fat Diet-Induced Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Mice.
Joint MiRNA/mRNA expression profiling reveals changes consistent with development of dysfunctional corpus luteum after weight gain.
A journey into a Mediterranean diet and type 2 diabetes: a systematic review with meta-analyses.
The role of high cholesterol-high fructose diet on coronary arteriosclerosis.
Genetic and environmental control of host-gut microbiota interactions.
Decreased irisin secretion contributes to muscle insulin resistance in high-fat diet mice.
Mass-Spectrometry-Based Serum Metabolomics of a C57BL/6J Mouse Model of High-Fat-Diet-Induced Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Development.
Quantitative combination of natural anti-oxidants prevents metabolic syndrome by reducing oxidative stress.
Kaempferol alleviates insulin resistance via hepatic IKK/NF-κB signal in type 2 diabetic rats.
Effects of Surface-Deacetylated Chitin Nanofibers in an Experimental Model of Hypercholesterolemia.
Effects of combined extract of cocoa, coffee, green tea and garcinia on lipid profiles, glycaemic markers and inflammatory responses in hamsters.
Dietary carbohydrate and control of hepatic gene expression: mechanistic links from ATP and phosphate ester homeostasis to the carbohydrate-response element-binding protein.
Impaired cognition and cerebral glucose regulation are associated with astrocyte activation in the parenchyma of metabolically stressed APPswe/PS1dE9 mice.
Combined Contribution of Increased Intestinal Permeability and Inhibited Deglycosylation of Ginsenoside Rb1 in the Intestinal Tract to the Enhancement of Ginsenoside Rb1 Exposure in Diabetic Rats after Oral Administration.
Inflammation-induced microvascular insulin resistance is an early event in diet-induced obesity.
Fat and carbohydrate intake over three generations modify growth, metabolism and cardiovascular phenotype in female mice in an age-related manner.
A Hamster Model of Diet-Induced Obesity for Preclinical Evaluation of Anti-Obesity, Anti-Diabetic and Lipid Modulating Agents.
Selenium-containing polysaccharides from Ziyang green tea ameliorate high-fructose diet induced insulin resistance and hepatic oxidative stress in mice.
[CONSENSUS ON FATS AND OILS IN THE DIET OF S ISH ADULTS; POSITION PAPER OF THE SPANISH FEDERATION OF FOOD, NUTRITION AND DIETETICS SOCIETIES].
GENETIC VARIATION IN THE BETA-3-ADRENORECEPTOR GENE (TRP64ARG POLYMORPHISM) AND THEIR INFLUENCE ON ANTHROPOMETRIC PARAMETERS AND INSULIN RESISTANCE AFTER A HIGH PROTEIN/LOW CARBOHYDRATE VERSUS A STANDARD HYPOCALORIC DIET.
CHEMICAL COMPOSITION, CHARACTERIZATION OF ANTHOCYANINS AND ANTIOXIDANT POTENTIAL OF EUTERPE EDULIS FRUITS: APPLICABILITY ON GENETIC DYSLIPIDEMIA AND HEPATIC STEATOSIS IN MICE.
IMPACT OF IMPROVED FAT-MEAT PRODUCTS CONSUMPTION ON ANTHROPOMETRIC MARKERS AND NUTRIENT INTAKES OF MALE VOLUNTEERS AT INCREASED CARDIOVASCULAR RISK.
ANTHROPOMETRIC PROFILE AND NUTRITIONAL INTAKE IN PATIENTS WITH EPILEPSY.
IL-15Rα is a determinant of muscle fuel utilization, and its loss protects against obesity.
Bolus Estimation--Rethinking the Effect of Meal Fat Content.
Dietary Pectin Increases Intestinal Crypt Stem Cell Survival following Radiation Injury.
Low-glycemic index diet may improve insulin sensitivity in obese children.
Lamp-2 deficiency prevents high-fat diet-induced obese diabetes via enhancing energy expenditure.
H2S-induced S-sulfhydration of pyruvate carboxylase contributes to gluconeogenesis in liver cells.
High-intensity sweetener consumption and gut microbiome content and predicted gene function in a cross-sectional study of adults in the United States.
Glycemic Variability Assessed by Continuous Glucose Monitoring and Short-Term Outcome in Diabetic Patients Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: An Observational Pilot Study.
Fatty acids linked to cardiovascular mortality are associated with risk factors.
One-Hour Postload Hyperglycemia Is a Stronger Predictor of Type 2 Diabetes Than Impaired Fasting Glucose.
Metabolomics Reveals Metabolically Healthy and Unhealthy Obese Individuals Differ in their Response to a Caloric Challenge.
Diet-Induced Cognitive Deficits: The Role of Fat and Sugar, Potential Mechanisms and Nutritional Interventions.
Parameters of glucose and lipid metabolism at the fasted state in drug-naïve first-episode patients with psychosis: Evidence for insulin resistance.
Increased oxidative stress and apoptosis in peripheral blood mononuclear cells of fructose-fed rats.
Distinct regulatory mechanisms governing embryonic versus adult adipocyte maturation.
[THE EFFECTS OF LONG-TERM METFORMIN TREATMENT ON THE ACTIVITY OF ADENYLYL CYCLASE SYSTEM AND NO-SYNTHASES IN THE BRAIN AND THE MYOCARDIUM OF RATS WITH OBESITY].
Combining Fasting Plasma Glucose with Gamma-glutamyl Transferase Improves the Sensitivity to Predict Incident Diabetes in Asian Indian Men with Impaired Glucose Tolerance.
Dietary Intake in Body Mass Index Differences in Community-Based Japanese Patients with Schizophrenia.
Ginsenoside Compound K suppresses the hepatic gluconeogenesis via activating adenosine-5'monophosphate kinase: A study in vitro and in vivo.
High dietary protein decreases fat deposition induced by high-fat and high-sucrose diet in rats.
Programmed regulation of rat offspring adipogenic transcription factor (PPARγ) by maternal nutrition.
Dietary acylated starch improves performance and gut health in necrotic enteritis challenged broilers.
Genetic Ablation of CD38 Protects against Western Diet-Induced Exercise Intolerance and Metabolic Inflexibility.
Metabolomic and Lipidomic Analysis of Serum Samples following Curcuma longa Extract Supplementation in High-Fructose and Saturated Fat Fed Rats.
The structure of wheat bread influences the postprandial metabolic response in healthy men.
The transcriptome of Euglena gracilis reveals unexpected metabolic capabilities for carbohydrate and natural product biochemistry.
Impact of beverage intake on metabolic and cardiovascular health.
Effect of combination therapy consisting of enalapril, α-lipoic acid, and menhaden oil on diabetic neuropathy in a high fat/low dose streptozotocin treated rat.
High-fat Diet Promotes Cardiac Remodeling in an Experimental Model of Obesity.
Protection against the Metabolic Syndrome by Guar Gum-Derived Short-Chain Fatty Acids Depends on Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor γ and Glucagon-Like Peptide-1.
Salsalate attenuates diet induced non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in mice by decreasing lipogenic and inflammatory processes.
Casitas B-Lineage Lymphoma RING Domain Inhibitors Protect Mice against High-Fat Diet-Induced Obesity and Insulin Resistance.
Liver Perilipin 5 Expression Worsens Hepatosteatosis But Not Insulin Resistance in High Fat-Fed Mice.
High-Fat Diet/Low-Dose Streptozotocin-Induced Type 2 Diabetes in Rats Impacts Osteogenesis and Wnt Signaling in Bone Marrow Stromal Cells.
Disproportionately increased 24-h energy expenditure and fat oxidation in young men with low birth weight during a high-fat overfeeding challenge.
Prevalence of and Risk Factors for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Hyperlipidemia in China.
Rare sugar D-allulose: Potential role and therapeutic monitoring in maintaining obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
IL-22 affects smooth muscle cell phenotype and plaque formation in apolipoprotein E knockout mice.
Effects of high concentrations of dietary crude glycerin on dairy cow productivity and milk quality.
Administration of Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 suppresses macrophage infiltration into adipose tissue in diet-induced obese mice.
Null effect of ginsenoside Rb1 on improving glycemic status in men during a resistance training recovery.
Krill Oil Ameliorates Mitochondrial Dysfunctions in Rats Treated with High-Fat Diet.
Prevalence of Prediabetes Based on Fasting Plasma Glucose and Glycosylated Hemoglobin in an At-Risk Mexican Population.
Dietary Milk Sphingomyelin Prevents Disruption of Skin Barrier Function in Hairless Mice after UV-B Irradiation.
Ameliorative effect of polydatin on oxidative stress-mediated testicular damage by chronic arsenic exposure in rats.
Ameliorative effect of vanadyl(IV)-ascorbate complex on high-fat high-sucrose diet-induced hyperglycemia, insulin resistance, and oxidative stress in mice.
A comparative study between Wuweizi seed and its post-ethanol extraction residue in normal and hypercholesterolemic mice.
Biochemical Characterization of Dovyalis hebecarpa Fruits: A Source of Anthocyanins with High Antioxidant Capacity.
The relationship between fasting plasma glucose and MPO in patients with acute coronary syndrome.
Plasma carnosine, but not muscle carnosine, attenuates high-fat diet-induced metabolic stress.
Role of PKCδ in Insulin Sensitivity and Skeletal Muscle Metabolism.
FASTING VERSUS POSTPRANDIAL HYPERGLYCEMIA AS A TREATMENT TARGET TO LOWER ELEVATED HEMOGLOBIN A1C.
Primary care weight loss maintenance with behavioral nutrition: An observational study.
Polysaccharides of Trametes versicolor Improve Bone Properties in Diabetic Rats.
Age- and Sex-Associated Effects on Acute-Phase Proteins in Göttingen Minipigs.
The effect of maternal obesity on the expression and functionality of placental P-glycoprotein: Implications in the individualized transplacental digoxin treatment for fetal heart failure.
Dietary Whey and Casein Differentially Affect Energy Balance, Gut Hormones, Glucose Metabolism, and Taste Preference in Diet-Induced Obese Rats.
Obesity, the deadly quartet and the contribution of the neglected daily organ rest - a new dimension of un-health and its prevention.
CETP Expression Protects Female Mice from Obesity-Induced Decline in Exercise Capacity.
Population Growth of the Generalist Mite Tyrophagus putrescentiae (Acari: Acaridida) Following Adaptation to High- or Low-Fat and High- or Low-Protein Diets and the Effect of Dietary Switch.
Teasaponin improves leptin sensitivity in the prefrontal cortex of obese mice.
Relations of Postload and Fasting Glucose With Incident Cardiovascular Disease and Mortality Late in Life: The Cardiovascular Health Study.
Impact of barley form on equine total tract fibre digestibility and colonic microbiota.
Role of Fatty Acid-Binding Protein 2 Ala54Thr Genotype on Weight Loss and Cardiovascular Risk Factors after a High-Protein/Low-Carbohydrate versus a Standard Hypocaloric Diet during 9 Months.
Effect of dietary fructose on portal and systemic serum fructose levels in rats and in KHK-/- and GLUT5-/- mice.
Role of nutrition in performance enhancement and postexercise recovery.
Hsp70 plays an important role in high-fat diet induced gestational hyperglycemia in mice.
Responses in ileal and cecal bacteria to low and high amylose/amylopectin ratio diets in growing pigs.
Carcass characteristics and meat quality of lambs fed high concentrations of crude glycerin in low-starch diets.
Abomasal amino acid infusion in postpartum dairy cows: Effect on whole-body, splanchnic, and mammary glucose metabolism.
A preliminary study on the variability of blood glucose following meal consumption as it relates to differences in oral glucose tolerance in young adults.
Train High Eat Low for Osteoarthritis study (THE LO study): protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
The association of lifestyle and stress with poor glycemic control in patients with diabetes mellitus type 2: a Croatian nationwide primary care cross-sectional study.
MDG-1, an Ophiopogon polysaccharide, regulate gut microbiota in high-fat diet-induced obese C57BL/6 mice.
Lipid Profile in Different Parts of Edible Jellyfish Rhopilema esculentum.
Astragalus polysaccharides affect insulin resistance by regulating the hepatic SIRT1-PGC-1α/PPARα-FGF21 signaling pathway in male Sprague Dawley rats undergoing catch-up growth.
Effect of the Ratio of Non-fibrous Carbohydrates to Neutral Detergent Fiber and Protein Structure on Intake, Digestibility, Rumen Fermentation, and Nitrogen Metabolism in Lambs.
Gestational exercise protects adult male offspring from high-fat diet-induced hepatic steatosis.
Ameliorating effects of goby fish protein hydrolysates on high-fat-high-fructose diet-induced hyperglycemia, oxidative stress and deterioration of kidney function in rats.
Influence of milk fermented with Lactobacillus rhamnosus NCDC 17 alone and in combination with herbal ingredients on diet induced adiposity and related gene expression in C57BL/6J mice.
Changes in dietary intake during puberty and their determinants: results from the GINIplus birth cohort study.
Syntaxin 4 Overexpression Ameliorates Effects of Aging and High-Fat Diet on Glucose Control and Extends Lifespan.
Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Models in Mice and Rats.
Agavins reverse the metabolic disorders in overweight mice through the increment of short chain fatty acids and hormones.
Impact of obesity on accumulation of the toxic irinotecan metabolite, SN-38, in mice.
Dietary Carbohydrate, Glycemic Index, Glycemic Load, and Breast Cancer Risk Among Mexican Women.
Shared Neuropathological Characteristics of Obesity, Type 2 Diabetes and Alzheimer's Disease: Impacts on Cognitive Decline.
Steatohepatitis is developed by a diet high in fat, sucrose, and cholesterol without increasing iron concentration in rat liver.
Prevalence of obesity in a rural Asian Indian (Bangladeshi) population and its determinants.
Obesity resistance and increased energy expenditure by white adipose tissue browning in Oga(+/-) mice.
Combined dyslipidemia in childhood.
High Fat Diet Exposure during Fetal Life Enhances Plasma and Hepatic Omega-6 Fatty Acid Profiles in Fetal Wistar Rats.
Gut Microbiota Dysbiosis in Obesity-Linked Metabolic Diseases and Prebiotic Potential of Polyphenol-Rich Extracts.
Hepatic Mitochondrial Pyruvate Carrier 1 Is Required for Efficient Regulation of Gluconeogenesis and Whole-Body Glucose Homeostasis.
Dose-related antihyperglycemic and hypolipidemic effects of two novel thiazolidin-4-ones in a rodent model of metabolic syndrome.
Association between the rs4753426 polymorphism in MTNR1B with fasting plasma glucose level and pancreatic β-cell function in gestational diabetes mellitus.
Effect of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis alterations on glucose and lipid metabolism in diabetic rats.
A pilot duplicate diet study on manganese, selenium and chromium intakes in institutionalised children and adolescents from Guatemala.
The anti-inflammatory and antifibrotic effects of Coreopsis tinctoria Nutt on high-glucose-fat diet and streptozotocin-induced diabetic renal damage in rats.
Changes in glucose transporter expression and nitric oxide production are associated with liver injury in diabetes.
Tripterygium Glycosides Tablet Ameliorates Renal Tubulointerstitial Fibrosis via the Toll-Like Receptor 4/Nuclear Factor Kappa B Signaling Pathway in High-Fat Diet Fed and Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Rats.
The Effects of Probiotic Soymilk Fortified with Omega-3 on Blood Glucose, Lipid Profile, Haematological and Oxidative Stress, and Inflammatory Parameters in Streptozotocin Nicotinamide-Induced Diabetic Rats.
Bioavailable IGF-1 and its Relation to the Metabolic Syndrome in a Bi-Ethnic Population of Men and Women.
Effects of nicotine on the digestive performance of nectar-feeding birds reflect their relative tolerance to this alkaloid.
Prothymosin-α Overexpression Contributes to the Development of Insulin Resistance.
Comparative validity of vitamin C and carotenoids as indicators of fruit and vegetable intake: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
High intensity intermittent exercise improves cardiac structure and function and reduces liver fat in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomised controlled trial.
The Low FODMAP Diet and Its Application in East and Southeast Asia.
Galectin-3 Participates in Cardiovascular Remodeling Associated With Obesity.
Effects of Oral Vitamin C Supplementation on Anxiety in Students: A Double-Blind, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Trial.
JTT-553, a novel Acyl CoA:diacylglycerol acyltransferase (DGAT) 1 inhibitor, improves glucose metabolism in diet-induced obesity and genetic T2DM mice.
Dietary inflammatory index and telomere length in subjects with a high cardiovascular disease risk from the PREDIMED-NAVARRA study: cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses over 5 y.
Validation of the food insulin index in lean, young, healthy individuals, and type 2 diabetes in the context of mixed meals: an acute randomized crossover trial.
Amino Acid Oxidation Increases with Dietary Protein Content in Adult Neutered Male Cats as Measured Using [1-13C]Leucine and [15N2]Urea.
Dietary Macronutrient Composition Affects the Influence of Exogenous Prolactin-Releasing Peptide on Appetite Responses and Hypothalamic Gene Expression in Chickens.
Association of prediabetes, defined by fasting glucose, HbA1c only, or combined criteria, with the risk of cardiovascular disease in Koreans.
High-fructose diet during periadolescent development increases depressive-like behavior and remodels the hypothalamic transcriptome in male rats.
Histone Demethylase JMJD2A Inhibition Attenuates Neointimal Hyperplasia in the Carotid Arteries of Balloon-Injured Diabetic Rats via Transcriptional Silencing: Inflammatory Gene Expression in Vascular Smooth Muscle Cells.
High-fat diet induces cardiomyocyte apoptosis via the inhibition of autophagy.
NFAT inhibitor tributylhexadecylphosphoniumbromide, ameliorates high fructose induced insulin resistance and nephropathy.
Effect of Fructose on Established Lipid Targets: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Controlled Feeding Trials.
Hyperinsulinemia shifted energy supply from glucose to ketone bodies in early nonalcoholic steatohepatitis from high-fat high-sucrose diet induced Bama minipigs.
Combination cannabinoid and opioid receptor antagonists improves metabolic outcomes in obese mice.
[Insulin autoimmune syndrome: Report of two cases].
Effects of exenatide therapy on insulin resistance in the skeletal muscles of high-fat diet and low-dose streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Impact of dietary fiber/starch ratio in shaping caecal microbiota in rabbits.
Branched-chain amino acids attenuate early kidney injury in diabetic rats.
Metatranscriptomic discovery of plant biomass-degrading capacity from grass carp intestinal microbiomes.
Wheat-based foods and non celiac gluten/wheat sensitivity: Is drastic processing the main key issue?
Effects of forage source and extruded linseed supplementation on methane emissions from growing dairy cattle of differing body weights.
[Effects of Dietary and Physical Activity Interventions on Metabolic Syndrome: A Meta-analysis].
The effect of early-life stress and chronic high-sucrose diet on metabolic outcomes in female rats.
Reprogrammed Functional Brown Adipocytes Ameliorate Insulin Resistance and Dyslipidemia in Diet-Induced Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes.
Genetic association of APOA5 and APOE with metabolic syndrome and their interaction with health-related behavior in Korean men.
Interaction of dietary fat intake with APOA2, APOA5 and LEPR polymorphisms and its relationship with obesity and dyslipidemia in young subjects.
Impact of Diet-Induced Obesity and Testosterone Deficiency on the Cardiovascular System: A Novel Rodent Model Representative of Males with Testosterone-Deficient Metabolic Syndrome (TDMetS).
Prolonged Adaptation to a Low or High Protein Diet Does Not Modulate Basal Muscle Protein Synthesis Rates - A Substudy.
Herbal formulation, DIA-2 and Rosiglitazone ameliorates hyperglycemia and hepatic steatosis in type 2 diabetic rats.
Using Serum Advanced Glycation End Products-Peptides to Improve the Efficacy of World Health Organization Fasting Plasma Glucose Criterion in Screening for Diabetes in High-Risk Chinese Subjects.
Impaired fasting glucose and left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in middle-age adults: a retrospective cross-sectional analysis of 2971 subjects.
Barriers to diabetic foot care in a developing country with a high incidence of diabetes related amputations: an exploratory qualitative interview study.
Activation of Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) attenuates adaptive thermogenesis via endoplasmic reticulum stress.
Per-Arnt-Sim Kinase (PASK): An Emerging Regulator of Mammalian Glucose and Lipid Metabolism.
Nutritional modulation of gut microbiota - the impact on metabolic disease pathophysiology.
Beverage Consumption in Relation to Discretionary Food Intake and Diet Quality among US Adults, 2003 to 2012.
Relationship of insulin dynamics to body composition and resting energy expenditure following weight loss.
Decreased adiposity and enhanced glucose tolerance in shikonin treated mice.
The gut microbial community in metabolic syndrome patients is modified by diet.
Sugar consumption, metabolic disease and obesity: The state of the controversy.
Association between serum adropin levels and gestational diabetes mellitus; a case-control study.
High Amylose Starch with Low In Vitro Digestibility Stimulates Hindgut Fermentation and Has a Bifidogenic Effect in Weaned Pigs.
Weight-reduction through a low-fat diet causes differential expression of circulating microRNAs in obese C57BL/6 mice.
Mice Deficient in Proglucagon-Derived Peptides Exhibit Glucose Intolerance on a High-Fat Diet but Are Resistant to Obesity.
Green and Black Cardamom in a Diet-Induced Rat Model of Metabolic Syndrome.
Dietary restriction in obese children and its relation with eating behavior, fibroblast growth factor 21 and leptin: a prospective clinical intervention study.
Inhibition of Ceramide De Novo Synthesis Ameliorates Diet Induced Skeletal Muscles Insulin Resistance.
Diet and identity: being a good parent in the face of contradictions presented by the ketogenic diet.
Impact of taurine depletion on glucose control and insulin secretion in mice.
Comparative analysis of the Cancer Council of Victoria and the online Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation FFQ.
Lean and obese dietary phenotypes: differences in energy and substrate metabolism and appetite.
Diet-induced variability of the resistin gene (Retn) transcript level and methylation profile in rats.
Gut vagal afferents are necessary for the eating-suppressive effect of intraperitoneally administered ginsenoside Rb1 in rats.
Glucose Transporter 1 Deficiency: A Treatable Cause of Opsoclonus and Epileptic Myoclonus.
The potential risks and benefits of insulin treatment in hyperglycaemic preterm neonates.
Glycosylated hemoglobin is associated with decreased endothelial function, high inflammatory response, and adverse clinical outcome in non-diabetic STEMI patients.
Glycaemic control and its associated factors in Chinese adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Low-carbohydrate, high-fat diets have sex-specific effects on bone health in rats.
A 3-day high-fat/low-carbohydrate diet does not alter exercise-induced growth hormone response in healthy males.
Factors Affecting the Development of Diabetes Mellitus After Pancreatic Resection.
[Study of effect of Humifuse Euphorbia Herb on alleviating insulin resistance in type 2 diabetic model KK-Ay mice].
Mycotoxins and cyanogenic glycosides in staple foods of three indigenous people of the Colombian Amazon.
The Effect of Vitamin D Supplementation on Glycemic Control and Lipid Profile in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Serglycin protects against high fat diet-induced increase in serum LDL in mice.
Effects of Low Carbohydrate High Protein (LCHP) diet on atherosclerotic plaque phenotype in ApoE/LDLR-/- mice: FT-IR and Raman imaging.
NeuCode Labeling in Nematodes: Proteomic and Phosphoproteomic Impact of Ascaroside Treatment in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Dietary supplementation with n-3 fatty acids from weaning limits brain biochemistry and behavioural changes elicited by prenatal exposure to maternal inflammation in the mouse model.
Analysis of trans-resveratrol and trans-piceid in vegetable foods using high-performance liquid chromatography.
Effect of Creosote Bush-Derived NDGA on Expression of Genes Involved in Lipid Metabolism in Liver of High-Fructose Fed Rats: Relevance to NDGA Amelioration of Hypertriglyceridemia and Hepatic Steatosis.
CXC chemokine receptor 3 promotes steatohepatitis in mice through mediating inflammatory cytokines, macrophages and autophagy.
Purification, structure features and anti-atherosclerosis activity of a Laminaria japonica polysaccharide.
Imaging Macrophage and Hematopoietic Progenitor Proliferation in Atherosclerosis.
Göttingen minipig model of diet-induced atherosclerosis: influence of mild streptozotocin-induced diabetes on lesion severity and markers of inflammation evaluated in obese, obese and diabetic, and lean control animals.
Diet, growth, and obesity development throughout childhood in the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children.
A novel cobiotic-based preventive approach against high-fat diet-induced adiposity, nonalcoholic fatty liver and gut derangement in mice.
Supplemental epilactose prevents metabolic disorders through uncoupling protein-1 induction in the skeletal muscle of mice fed high-fat diets.
A novel function of B-cell translocation gene 1 (BTG1) in the regulation of hepatic insulin sensitivity in mice via c-Jun.
Ablation of TRPM5 in Mice Results in Reduced Body Weight Gain and Improved Glucose Tolerance and Protects from Excessive Consumption of Sweet Palatable Food when Fed High Caloric Diets.
Manganese [III] Tetrakis [5,10,15,20]-Benzoic Acid Porphyrin Reduces Adiposity and Improves Insulin Action in Mice with Pre-Existing Obesity.
Sardine protein diet increases plasma glucagon-like peptide-1 levels and prevents tissue oxidative stress in rats fed a high-fructose diet.
Antioxidant supplementation and obesity have independent effects on hepatic oxylipin profiles in insulin-resistant, obesity-prone rats.
Metabolomic profiles of hepatocellular carcinoma in a European prospective cohort.
Mental health and food consumption among California children 5-11 years of age.
High Sucrose Intake Ameliorates the Accumulation of Hepatic Triacylglycerol Promoted by Restraint Stress in Young Rats.
Sea cucumber cerebrosides and long-chain bases from Acaudina molpadioides protect against high fat diet-induced metabolic disorders in mice.
The effect of two different high-flux dialysis membranes on insulin resistance in non-diabetic end-stage renal disease patients.
Influence of arsenic on selected biochemical blood parameters in rats fed diet with different fat and protein content.
Folic acid supplementation during high-fat diet feeding restores AMPK activation via an AMP-LKB1-dependent mechanism.
First-trimester glycosylated hemoglobin in women at high risk for gestational diabetes.
Dietary proteins improve endothelial function under fasting conditions but not in the postprandial state, with no effects on markers of low-grade inflammation.
Glycyrrhizin ameliorates metabolic syndrome-induced liver damage in experimental rat model.
Amino Acid-Induced Activation of mTORC1 in Rat Liver Is Attenuated by Short-Term Consumption of a High-Fat Diet.
Myocardial lipid profiling during time course of high fat diet and its relationship to the expression of fatty acid transporters.
Reliability of BOD POD Measurements Remains High After a Short-Duration Low-Carbohydrate Diet.
Low-Volume High-Intensity Interval Training in a Gym Setting Improves Cardio-Metabolic and Psychological Health.
Differences in Susceptibility to Heat Stress along the Chicken Intestine and the Protective Effects of Galacto-Oligosaccharides.
[Hygienic assessment of student's nutrition through vending machines (fast food)].
[Effect of a new low-cholesterol meat and vegetal product on correction of simulated lipid metabolism disorders in rats].
Irisin improves fatty acid oxidation and glucose utilization in type 2 diabetes by regulating the AMPK signaling pathway.
Luminal glucose does not enhance active intestinal calcium absorption in mice: evidence against a role for Ca(v)1.3 as a mediator of calcium uptake during absorption.
Gene expression profiling and inhibition of adipose tissue accumulation of G. bimaculatus extract in rats on high fat diet.
Considerations for the use of restricted, soaked grass hay diets to promote weight loss in the management of equine metabolic syndrome and obesity.
Effect of 12 Weeks High Oleic Peanut Consumption on Cardio-Metabolic Risk Factors and Body Composition.
Trends in Sugar-Sweetened Beverages: Are Public Health and the Market Aligned or in Conflict?
Loss of SFRP4 Alters Body Size, Food Intake, and Energy Expenditure in Diet-Induced Obese Male Mice.
Prostaglandin F2α receptor silencing attenuates vascular remodeling in rats with type 2 diabetes.
Successful metabolic adaptations leading to the prevention of high fat diet-induced murine cardiac remodeling.
The influence of academic examinations on energy and nutrient intake in male university students.
Effect of diosgenin on metabolic dysfunction: Role of ERβ in the regulation of PPARγ.
Gestational diabetes among Saudi women: prevalence, risk factors and pregnancy outcomes.
Repeatability of metabolic responses to a nutrient deficiency in early and mid lactation and implications for robustness of dairy cows.
Changes of dietary patterns during participation in a web-based weight-reduction programme.
HMGA1 overexpression in adipose tissue impairs adipogenesis and prevents diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance.
Hypoglycemic and hepatoprotective effects of D-chiro-inositol-enriched tartary buckwheat extract in high fructose-fed mice.
Iron Deprivation May Enhance Insulin Receptor and Glut4 Transcription in Skeletal Muscle of Adult Rats.
Evaluation of Nutritional Status of Patients with Depression.
Anti-Aging and Tissue Regeneration Ability of Policosanol Along with Lipid-Lowering Effect in Hyperlipidemic Zebrafish via Enhancement of High-Density Lipoprotein Functionality.
A critical review of low-carbohydrate diets in people with Type 2 diabetes.
Impact of Hydroxychloroquine on Atherosclerosis and Vascular Stiffness in the Presence of Chronic Kidney Disease.
Feeding butter with elevated content of trans-10, cis-12 conjugated linoleic acid to obese-prone rats impairs glucose and insulin tolerance.
Vitamin D metabolism-related genetic variants, dietary protein intake and improvement of insulin resistance in a 2 year weight-loss trial: POUNDS Lost.
The role of seaweed bioactives in the control of digestion: implications for obesity treatments.
Case of ketoacidosis by a sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor in a diabetic patient with a low-carbohydrate diet.
Oral Nutritional Supplements and Taste Adherence in Malnourished Adults Inpatients, Effect on Adhesion during Hospital Stance.
A method comparison of a food frequency questionnaire to measure folate, choline, betaine, vitamin C and carotenoids with 24-h dietary recalls in women of reproductive age.
Idalopirdine - a small molecule antagonist of 5-HT6 with therapeutic potential against obesity.
Enrichment, Distribution of Vanadium-Containing Protein in Vanadium-Enriched Sea Cucumber Apostichopus japonicus and the Ameliorative Effect on Insulin Resistance.
Antioxidant and anti hyperglycemic role of wine grape powder in rats fed with a high fructose diet.
Determinants of dietary self-care behaviours among Taiwanese patients with type 2 diabetes.
Diets high in carbohydrate may not be appropriate for rs328 G carriers with the metabolic syndrome.
Atkins diet program rapidly decreases atherogenic index of plasma in trained adapted overweight men.
High Prevalence of Dyslipidemia and Insulin Resistance in HIV-infected Prepubertal African Children on Antiretroviral Therapy.
Hepatic lipase deficiency produces glucose intolerance, inflammation and hepatic steatosis.
Effects of treadmill running and rutin on lipolytic signaling pathways and TRPV4 protein expression in the adipose tissue of diet-induced obese mice.
Food consumption in patients referred for bariatric surgery with and without binge eating disorder.
Fructose Malabsorption in Systemic Sclerosis.
Synthesis, Biological Evaluation, and Molecular Docking of (R)-2-((8-(3-aminopiperidin-1-yl)-3-methyl-7-(3-methylbut-2-en-1-yl)-2,6-dioxo-2,3,6,7-tetrahydro-1H-purin-1-yl)methyl)benzonitrile as Dipeptidyl Peptidase IV Inhibitors.
[Obesogenic food environment explains most of the obesity epidemic].
Therapeutic Inhibition of miR-33 Promotes Fatty Acid Oxidation but Does Not Ameliorate Metabolic Dysfunction in Diet-Induced Obesity.
Ketoacidosis associated with low-carbohydrate diet in a non-diabetic lactating woman: a case report.
Postprandial profiles of CCK after high fat and high carbohydrate meals and the relationship to satiety in humans.
Saturated Fats Compared With Unsaturated Fats and Sources of Carbohydrates in Relation to Risk of Coronary Heart Disease: A Prospective Cohort Study.
Fructose and Cardiometabolic Health: What the Evidence From Sugar-Sweetened Beverages Tells Us.
Chronic Kidney Disease in Non-Diabetic Older Adults: Associated Roles of the Metabolic Syndrome, Inflammation, and Insulin Resistance.
The Effects of High Dietary Doses of Chromium(III) Complex with Propionic Acid on Nutritional and Selected Blood Indices in Healthy Female Rats.
Biocompounds Attenuating the Development of Obesity and Insulin Resistance Produced by a High-fat Sucrose Diet.
Antidiabetic effect of Ficus racemosa Linn. stem bark in high-fat diet and low-dose streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetic rats: a mechanistic study.
Effect of high-dose atorvastatin on the cardiovascular risk associated with individual components of metabolic syndrome: a subanalysis of the Treating to New Targets (TNT) study.
Association between Smoking Status and Food and Nutrient Consumption in Japanese: a Large-Scale Cross-Sectional Study.
Are commercial probiotics and prebiotics effective in the treatment and prevention of honeybee nosemosis C?
Macrophage-specific de Novo Synthesis of Ceramide Is Dispensable for Inflammasome-driven Inflammation and Insulin Resistance in Obesity.
In vitro and in vivo insulinotropic properties of the multifunctional frog skin peptide hymenochirin-1B: a structure-activity study.
Impact of preloading either dairy or soy milk on postprandial glycemia, insulinemia and gastric emptying in healthy adults.
Quantitative Imaging of Gut Microbiota Spatial Organization.
Effects of microbial phytase on the apparent and standardized total tract digestibility of phosphorus in rice coproducts fed to growing pigs.
Effect of supplementing a fibrous diet with a xylanase and β-glucanase blend on growth performance, intestinal glucose uptake, and transport-associated gene expression in growing pigs.
In vitro and in vivo digestibility of corn starch for weaned pigs: Effects of amylose:amylopectin ratio, extrusion, storage duration, and enzyme supplementation.
Effects of chitosan on nutrient digestibility, methane emissions, and in vitro fermentation in beef cattle.
Saponin-enriched sea cucumber extracts exhibit an antiobesity effect through inhibition of pancreatic lipase activity and upregulation of LXR-β signaling.
Mondo-Mlx Mediates Organismal Sugar Sensing through the Gli-Similar Transcription Factor Sugarbabe.
Adolescents' beverage choice at school and the impact on sugar intake.
Second Trimester Anaemia in Pregnant Ghanaians.
Continuously Ingesting Fructooligosaccharide Can't Maintain Rats' Gut Bifidobacterium at a High Level.
Leptin Is Required for Glucose Homeostasis after Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass in Mice.
Foods, macronutrients and fibre in the diet of blue sheep (Psuedois nayaur) in the Annapurna Conservation Area of Nepal.
Anti-inflammatory γ- and δ-tocotrienols improve cardiovascular, liver and metabolic function in diet-induced obese rats.
Regulation of B-type natriuretic peptide synthesis by insulin in obesity in male mice.
Adverse effects of vitamin D deficiency on the Pi3k/Akt pathway and pancreatic islet morphology in diet-induced obese mice.
OXIDIZED LIPIDS DID NOT REDUCE LIFESPAN IN THE FRUIT FLY, Drosophila melanogaster.
Whole Soy Flour Incorporated into a Muffin and Consumed at 2 Doses of Soy Protein Does Not Lower LDL Cholesterol in a Randomized, Double-Blind Controlled Trial of Hypercholesterolemic Adults.
Interaction between microRNA expression and classical risk factors in the risk of coronary heart disease.
Direct renal effects of a fructose-enriched diet: interaction with high salt intake.
Does Long-Term High Fat Diet Always Lead to Smaller Hippocampi Volumes, Metabolite Concentrations, and Worse Learning and Memory? A Magnetic Resonance and Behavioral Study in Wistar Rats.
Soluble Fermentable Dietary Fibre (Pectin) Decreases Caloric Intake, Adiposity and Lipidaemia in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Rats.
The effects of the aqueous extract and residue of Matcha on the antioxidant status and lipid and glucose levels in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Association between intake of total vs added sugar on diet quality: a systematic review.
Attenuation of insulin resistance in rats by agmatine: role of SREBP-1c, mTOR and GLUT-2.
High prevalence of sIgE to Galactose-α-1,3-galactose in rural pre-Alps area: a cross-sectional study.
Effects of the combination of SGLT2 selective inhibitor ipragliflozin and various antidiabetic drugs in type 2 diabetic mice.
Mangosteen Extract Attenuates the Metabolic Disorders of High-Fat-Fed Mice by Activating AMPK.
High sucrose consumption during pregnancy induced ADHD-like behavioral phenotypes in mice offspring.
Antimuscarinic-induced convulsions in fasted animals after food intake: evaluation of the effects of levetiracetam, topiramate and different doses of atropine.
MicroRNA-16 modulates macrophage polarization leading to improved insulin sensitivity in myoblasts.
High glucose/High Lipids impair vascular adiponectin function via inhibition of caveolin-1/AdipoR1 signalsome formation.
Arresting progressive atherosclerosis by immunization with an anti-glycosaminoglycan monoclonal antibody in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice.
Supplementation with difructose anhydride III promotes passive calcium absorption in the small intestine immediately after calving in dairy cows.
Effect of propylene glycol on adipose tissue mobilization in postpartum over-conditioned Holstein cows.
Body fat loss induced by calcium in co-supplementation with conjugated linoleic acid is associated with increased expression of bone formation genes in adult mice.
Increased risk of iron deficiency and reduced iron absorption but no difference in zinc, vitamin A or B-vitamin status in obese women in India.
High vitamin A intake during pregnancy modifies dopaminergic reward system and decreases preference for sucrose in Wistar rat offspring.
High fat diet attenuates glucose-dependent facilitation of 5-HT3 -mediated responses in rat gastric vagal afferents.
Effects of a High-Protein/Low-Carbohydrate Diet versus a Standard Hypocaloric Diet on Weight and Cardiovascular Risk Factors: Role of a Genetic Variation in the rs9939609 FTO Gene Variant.
Effects of Initiating Moderate Alcohol Intake on Cardiometabolic Risk in Adults With Type 2 Diabetes: A 2-Year Randomized, Controlled Trial.
Preventive rather than therapeutic treatment with high fiber diet attenuates clinical and inflammatory markers of acute and chronic DSS-induced colitis in mice.
High-Intensity Running and Energy Restriction Reduce Postprandial Lipemia in Girls.
Effect of chronic consumption of blackberry extract on high-fat induced obesity in rats and its correlation with metabolic and brain outcomes.
Glucose fluctuation increased hepatocyte apoptosis under lipotoxicity and the involvement of mitochondrial permeability transition opening.
Cafestol, a Bioactive Substance in Coffee, Stimulates Insulin Secretion and Increases Glucose Uptake in Muscle Cells: Studies in Vitro.
Obesity Resistance and Enhanced Insulin Sensitivity in Ahnak-/- Mice Fed a High Fat Diet Are Related to Impaired Adipogenesis and Increased Energy Expenditure.
Dietary and pharmacological compounds altering intestinal calcium absorption in humans and animals.
Dietary Patterns Seem to Influence the Development of Perfusion Changes in Cardiac Syndrome X Patients.
Role of exercise intensity on GLUT4 content, aerobic fitness and fasting plasma glucose in type 2 diabetic mice.
Co-activator binding protein PIMT mediates TNF-α induced insulin resistance in skeletal muscle via the transcriptional down-regulation of MEF2A and GLUT4.
Costly Nutritious Diets do not Necessarily Translate into Better Performance of Artificially Reared Fruit Flies (Diptera: Tephritidae).
Anti-steatotic effects of an n-3 LCPUFA and extra virgin olive oil mixture in the liver of mice subjected to high-fat diet.
An analytical pipeline to compare and characterise the anthocyanin antioxidant activities of purple sweet potato cultivars.
Hepatocyte X-box binding protein 1 deficiency increases liver injury in mice fed a high-fat/sugar diet.
Digestibility of new dietary fibre materials, resistant glucan and hydrogenated resistant glucan in rats and humans, and the physical effects in rats.
Insulin secretion in health and disease: nutrients dictate the pace.
Divergent responses of viral and bacterial communities in the gut microbiome to dietary disturbances in mice.
Identification of Risk Factors Affecting Impaired Fasting Glucose and Diabetes in Adult Patients from Northeast China.
Is Healthier Nutrition Behaviour Associated with Better Self-Reported Health and Less Health Complaints? Evidence from Turku, Finland.
Naturally Occurring Stilbenoid TSG Reverses Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Diseases via Gut-Liver Axis.
Catalpol ameliorates high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance and adipose tissue inflammation by suppressing the JNK and NF-κB pathways.
The nutritional composition and anti-obesity effects of an herbal mixed extract containing Allium fistulosum and Viola mandshurica in high-fat-diet-induced obese mice.
Intake of high fructose corn syrup sweetened soft drinks is associated with prevalent chronic bronchitis in U.S. Adults, ages 20-55 y.
Glucomannan and glucomannan plus spirulina added to pork significantly block dietary cholesterol effects on lipoproteinemia, arylesterase activity, and CYP7A1 expression in Zucker fa/fa rats.
A possible link between hepatic mitochondrial dysfunction and diet-induced insulin resistance.
Cyanidin 3-glucoside improves diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rats.
The effects of high-intensity interval training on glucose regulation and insulin resistance: a meta-analysis.
High Levels of Dietary Supplement Vitamins A, C and E are Absorbed in the Small Intestine and Protect Nutrient Transport Against Chronic Gamma Irradiation.
Higher Fasting Plasma Glucose Levels, within the Normal Range, are Associated with Decreased Processing Speed in High Functioning Young Elderly.
High salt reduces the activation of IL-4- and IL-13-stimulated macrophages.
Dietary intake in Swedish medical students during 2007-2012.
Fenofibrate Reverses Palmitate Induced Impairment in Glucose Uptake in Skeletal Muscle Cells by Preventing Cytosolic Ceramide Accumulation.
Long-Term Dietary Fructose Causes Gender-Different Metabolic and Vascular Dysfunction in Rats: Modulatory Effects of Resveratrol.
Increased placental fatty acid transporter 6 and binding protein 3 expression and fetal liver lipid accumulation in a mouse model of obesity in pregnancy.
Development and Use of a Traditional Mexican Diet Score in Relation to Systemic Inflammation and Insulin Resistance among Women of Mexican Descent.
Combined Mulberry Leaf and Fruit Extract Improved Early Stage of Cutaneous Wound Healing in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Observed Dietary Practices of Recreational Ultraendurance Cyclists in the Heat.
(-)-Epicatechin-3-O-β-D-allopyranoside from Davallia formosana, Prevents Diabetes and Hyperlipidemia by Regulation of Glucose Transporter 4 and AMP-Activated Protein Kinase Phosphorylation in High-Fat-Fed Mice.
Association between pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A levels in the first trimester and gestational diabetes mellitus in Chinese women.
The protective role of the opioid antagonist LY255582 in the management of high fat diet-induced obesity in adult male albino rats.
The oral [(13)C]bicarbonate technique for measurement of short-term energy expenditure of sled dogs and their physiological response to diets with different fat:carbohydrate ratios.
A Trial of Lifestyle Modification on Cardiopulmonary, Inflammatory, and Metabolic Effects among Obese with Chronic Kidney Disease.
Evolution of metabolic disorder in rats fed high sucrose or high fat diet: Focus on redox state and mitochondrial function.
Deteriorated glucose metabolism with a high-protein, low-carbohydrate diet in db mice, an animal model of type 2 diabetes, might be caused by insufficient insulin secretion.
Association between whole blood mercury and glucose intolerance among adult Inuit in Greenland.
Salvia libanotica improves glycemia and serum lipid profile in rats fed a high fat diet.
High fat diet-induced inflammation and oxidative stress are attenuated by N-acetylneuraminic acid in rats.
Metabolic changes in normal- and underweight children with obstructive sleep-disordered breathing.
Fucoidan ameliorates steatohepatitis and insulin resistance by suppressing oxidative stress and inflammatory cytokines in experimental non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Interdisciplinary lifestyle intervention for weight management in a community population (HealthTrack study): Study design and baseline sample characteristics.
Diet drives quick changes in the metabolic activity and composition of human gut microbiota in a validated in vitro gut model.
Isocaloric fructose restriction and metabolic improvement in children with obesity and metabolic syndrome.
Dietary fibre-rich resistant starches promote ammonia detoxification in the human colon as measured by lactose-[¹⁵N₂]ureide.
Influence of dietary protein on postprandial blood glucose levels in individuals with Type 1 diabetes mellitus using intensive insulin therapy.
E4orf1 induction in adipose tissue promotes insulin-independent signaling in the adipocyte.
Effect of magnesium treatment and glucose levels on delayed cerebral ischemia in patients with subarachnoid hemorrhage: a substudy of the Magnesium in Aneurysmal Subarachnoid Haemorrhage trial (MASH-II).
The effects of DASH diet on weight loss and metabolic status in adults with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomized clinical trial.
Forkhead Box P1 (FOXP1) Transcription Factor Regulates Hepatic Glucose Homeostasis.
Role of a clinical pharmacist in managing diabetic nephropathy: an approach of pharmaceutical care plan.
Microbiome interaction with sugar plays an important role in relapse of childhood caries.
Two Healthy Diets Modulate Gut Microbial Community Improving Insulin Sensitivity in a Human Obese Population.
Effect of sardine proteins on hyperglycaemia, hyperlipidaemia and lecithin:cholesterol acyltransferase activity, in high-fat diet-induced type 2 diabetic rats.
Targeted delivery of HGF to the skeletal muscle improves glucose homeostasis in diet-induced obese mice.
Development of PPAR-agonist GW0742 as antidiabetic drug: study in animals.
Relationship between Helicobacter pylori infection and metabolic syndrome.
Gut microbe-derived extracellular vesicles induce insulin resistance, thereby impairing glucose metabolism in skeletal muscle.
Effects of post-suckling n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: prevention of dyslipidemia and liver steatosis induced in rats by a sucrose-rich diet during pre- and post-natal life.
Investigation of Chitosan for Prevention of Diabetic Progression Through Gut Microbiota Alteration in Sugar Rich Diet Induced Diabetic Rats.
Skeletal Muscle Phospholipid Metabolism Regulates Insulin Sensitivity and Contractile Function.
No Effect of Added Sugar Consumed at Median American Intake Level on Glucose Tolerance or Insulin Resistance.
Esculentin-2CHa-Related Peptides Modulate Islet Cell Function and Improve Glucose Tolerance in Mice with Diet-Induced Obesity and Insulin Resistance.
Resistant starch and protein intake enhances fat oxidation and feelings of fullness in lean and overweight/obese women.
Position of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics: Health Implications of Dietary Fiber.
Deletion of Cyclophilin D Impairs β-Oxidation and Promotes Glucose Metabolism.
Low-calcium diet prevents fructose-induced hyperinsulinemia and ameliorates the response to glucose load in rats.
NF-κB Inhibition Resolves Cognitive Deficits in Experimental Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus through CREB and Glutamate/GABA Neurotransmitters Pathway.
Potential link between excess added sugar intake and ectopic fat: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Effect of consuming novel foods consisting high oleic canola oil, barley β-glucan, and DHA on cardiovascular disease risk in humans: the CONFIDENCE (Canola Oil and Fibre with DHA Enhanced) study - protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Adipose-derived mesenchymal stem cells improve glucose homeostasis in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Vitamin D deficiency impairs glucose-stimulated insulin secretion and increases insulin resistance by reducing PPAR-γ expression in nonobese Type 2 diabetic rats.
Selenite exacerbates hepatic insulin resistance in mouse model of type 2 diabetes through oxidative stress-mediated JNK pathway.
Optimal lysine:DE ratio in growing pigs is independent of starch or fat as main energy source at two energy intake levels.
Effects of dry-rolled or high-moisture corn with twenty-five or forty-five percent wet distillers' grains with solubles on energy metabolism, nutrient digestibility, and macromineral balance in finishing beef steers.
A new look at the genetic and environmental coherence of metabolic syndrome components.
Effect of Lipopolysaccharide on the Progression of Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in High Caloric Diet-Fed Mice.
Control of liver glucokinase activity: A potential new target for incretin hormones?
Tissue Specific Effects of Dietary Carbohydrates and Obesity on ChREBPα and ChREBPβ Expression.
Low n-6/n-3 PUFA Ratio Improves Lipid Metabolism, Inflammation, Oxidative Stress and Endothelial Function in Rats Using Plant Oils as n-3 Fatty Acid Source.
Efficacy of the Type 2 Diabetes Prevention Using LifeStyle Education Program RCT.
Role of leptin in body temperature regulation and lipid metabolism following splenectomy.
Correlates of diabetes-related distress in type 2 diabetes: Findings from the benchmarking network for clinical and humanistic outcomes in diabetes (BENCH-D) study.
A new Agkistrodon halys venom-purified protein C activator prevents myocardial fibrosis in diabetic rats.
Immunologic and metabolic effects of high-refined carbohydrate-containing diet in food allergic mice.
Review article: insights into colonic protein fermentation, its modulation and potential health implications.
Long-term, calorie-restricted intake of a high-fat diet in rats reduces impulse control and ventral striatal D2 receptor signalling - two markers of addiction vulnerability.
Effect of low-fat diet interventions versus other diet interventions on long-term weight change in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Evidence for hypothalamic ketone body sensing: impact on food intake and peripheral metabolic responses in mice.
Low-FODMAP formula improves diarrhea and nutritional status in hospitalized patients receiving enteral nutrition: a randomized, multicenter, double-blind clinical trial.
Flavonoid and lignan intake in a Mediterranean population: proposal for a holistic approach in polyphenol dietary analysis, the Moli-sani Study.
Effects of carbohydrate quantity and glycemic index on resting metabolic rate and body composition during weight loss.
Hematopoietic ABCA1 deletion promotes monocytosis and worsens diet-induced insulin resistance in mice.
Associations of Leu72Met Polymorphism of Preproghrelin with Ratios of Plasma Lipids Are Diversified by a High-Carbohydrate Diet in Healthy Chinese Adolescents.
Elemental changes in the hippocampal formation following two different formulas of ketogenic diet: an X-ray fluorescence microscopy study.
Effect of the EndoBarrier Gastrointestinal Liner on obesity and type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ketoacidosis in a non-diabetic woman who was fasting during lactation.
Carbohydrate quality and quantity and risk of type 2 diabetes in US women.
No difference in ad libitum energy intake in healthy men and women consuming beverages sweetened with fructose, glucose, or high-fructose corn syrup: a randomized trial.
Maternal high-fat hypercaloric diet during pregnancy results in persistent metabolic and respiratory abnormalities in offspring.
Loss of Toll-Like Receptor 4 Function Partially Protects against Peripheral and Cardiac Glucose Metabolic Derangements During a Long-Term High-Fat Diet.
Fermentation of Green Tea with 2% Aquilariae lignum Increases the Anti-Diabetic Activity of Green Tea Aqueous Extracts in the High Fat-Fed Mouse.
Dissecting Long-Term Glucose Metabolism Identifies New Susceptibility Period for Metabolic Dysfunction in Aged Mice.
Ferulic acid improves lipid and glucose homeostasis in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
NG2 Proteoglycan Ablation Reduces Foam Cell Formation and Atherogenesis via Decreased Low-Density Lipoprotein Retention by Synthetic Smooth Muscle Cells.
Management of the Metabolic Syndrome and the Obese Patient with Metabolic Disturbances: South Asian Perspective.
THE EFFECT OF DIETARY WHEAT BRAN ON SUCROSE-INDUCED CHANGES OF SERUM GLUCOSE AND LIPIDS IN RATS.
NUTRITIONAL INTAKE AND NUTRITIONAL STATUS IN ELITE MEXICAN TEENAGERS SOCCER PLAYERS OF DIFFERENT AGES.
[ENERGY AND MACRONUTRIENT INTAKE IN FEMALE ATHLETES].
NUTRITIONAL AND METABOLIC ASSESSMENT IN OVERWEIGHT PATIENTS WITH AND WITHOUT HYPERPROLACTINEMIA CAUSED BY PROLACTINOMA.
[CONSUMPTION OF READY-TO-EAT CEREAL IS INVERSELY ASSOCIATED WITH BODY MASS INDEX IN 6-13 YEARS OLD CHILEAN SCHOOLCHILDREN].
[ASSOCIATION BETWEEN DIETARY GLYCEMIC INDEX AND GLYCEMIC LOAD AND INTIMA MEDIA THICKNESS IN A POPULATION AT HIGH CARDIOVASCULAR RISK: A SUBGROUP ANALYSIS IN THE PREDIMED TRIAL].
Time course of cardiometabolic alterations in a high fat high sucrose diet mice model and improvement after GLP-1 analog treatment using multimodal cardiovascular magnetic resonance.
A randomised trial comparing low-fat diets differing in carbohydrate and protein ratio, combined with regular moderate intensity exercise, on glycaemic control, cardiometabolic risk factors, food cravings, cognitive function and psychological wellbeing in adults with type 2 diabetes: Study protocol.
Anaplerotic treatment of long-chain fat oxidation disorders with triheptanoin: Review of 15 years Experience.
Short communication: Regulation of hepatic gluconeogenic enzymes by dietary glycerol in transition dairy cows.
Gallic acid ameliorates hyperglycemia and improves hepatic carbohydrate metabolism in rats fed a high-fructose diet.
The low-FODMAP diet for irritable bowel syndrome: Lights and shadows.
Diabetes-specific enteral nutrition formula in hyperglycemic, mechanically ventilated, critically ill patients: a prospective, open-label, blind-randomized, multicenter study.
First report of the nutritional profile and antioxidant potential of Holothuria arguinensis, a new resource for aquaculture in Europe.
Esculin improves dyslipidemia, inflammation and renal damage in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Effect of phytosterols and inulin-enriched soymilk on LDL-cholesterol in Thai subjects: a double-blinded randomized controlled trial.
A high-fat diet is associated with otitis media with effusion.
Re-Examining High-Fat Diets for Sports Performance: Did We Call the 'Nail in the Coffin' Too Soon?
Carbohydrate Dependence During Prolonged, Intense Endurance Exercise.
Graded Resistance Exercise And Type 2 Diabetes in Older adults (The GREAT2DO study): methods and baseline cohort characteristics of a randomized controlled trial.
Retrospective Analysis of Protein- and Carbohydrate-Focused Diets Combined with Exercise on Metabolic Syndrome Prevalence in Overweight and Obese Women.
[Dietary habits and cancer: the experience of EPIC-Italy].
The effect of moderate alcohol consumption on biomarkers of inflammation and hemostatic factors in postmenopausal women.
Genetic linkage of hyperglycemia and dyslipidemia in an intercross between BALB/cJ and SM/J Apoe-deficient mouse strains.
Gut microbiota and diet in patients with different glucose tolerance.
Oral Fat Sensing and CD36 Gene Polymorphism in Algerian Lean and Obese Teenagers.
Nutritional Modulation of Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and Insulin Resistance.
The effect of dietary water soluble carbohydrate to nitrogen ratio on nitrogen partitioning and isotopic fractionation of lactating goats offered a high-nitrogen diet.
Hypolipidemic and Hepatic Steatosis Preventing Activities of the Wood Ear Medicinal Mushroom Auricularia auricula-judae (Higher Basidiomycetes) Ethanol Extract In Vivo and In Vitro.
Tumor progression locus 2 ablation suppressed hepatocellular carcinoma development by inhibiting hepatic inflammation and steatosis in mice.
Prevention and treatment of atherosclerosis with flaxseed-derived compound secoisolariciresinol diglucoside.
Higher Eating Frequency Does Not Decrease Appetite in Healthy Adults.
Intake of carbohydrates during pregnancy in obese women is associated with fat mass in the newborn offspring.
Insulin resistance determines a differential response to changes in dietary fat modification on metabolic syndrome risk factors: the LIPGENE study.
Knockdown of neuropeptide Y in the dorsomedial hypothalamus reverses high-fat diet-induced obesity and impaired glucose tolerance in rats.
The Role of Maternal Dietary Proteins in Development of Metabolic Syndrome in Offspring.
Early Life Exposure to Fructose Alters Maternal, Fetal and Neonatal Hepatic Gene Expression and Leads to Sex-Dependent Changes in Lipid Metabolism in Rat Offspring.
Development and validation of an HPLC-MS method for the simultaneous quantification of key oxysterols, endocannabinoids, and ceramides: variations in metabolic syndrome.
Macronutrient intake regulates sexual conflict in decorated crickets.
How important is the relative balance of fat and carbohydrate as sources of energy in relation to health?
Dietary β-glucan (MacroGard®) enhances survival of first feeding turbot (Scophthalmus maximus) larvae by altering immunity, metabolism and microbiota.
[Trend of dietary nutrient intake among adult females in 9 provinces in China, 2000-2011].
Dietary Total Antioxidant Capacity and Colorectal Cancer in the Italian EPIC Cohort.
Variation in Taxonomic Composition of the Fecal Microbiota in an Inbred Mouse Strain across Individuals and Time.
Sitagliptin can inhibit the development of hepatic steatosis in high-fructose diet-fed ob/ob mice.
Dietary Patterns and Their Associations with the Diet Quality Index-International (DQI-I) in Korean Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Effects of Resistant Starch and Arabinoxylan on Parameters Related to Large Intestinal and Metabolic Health in Pigs Fed Fat-Rich Diets.
Health implications of high-fructose intake and current research.
Effect of nutritional status and dietary patterns on human serum C-reactive protein and interleukin-6 concentrations.
Variable responses of human and non-human primate gut microbiomes to a Western diet.
Dietary (-)-epicatechin mitigates oxidative stress, NO metabolism alterations, and inflammation in renal cortex from fructose-fed rats.
High density lipoprotein efficiently accepts surface but not internal oxidised lipids from oxidised low density lipoprotein.
A Multi-Center Assessment of Nutrient Levels and Foods Provided by Hospital Patient Menus.
Dietary Patterns during Pregnancy Are Associated with Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Microbiota depletion promotes browning of white adipose tissue and reduces obesity.
A Long-Term High-Fat/High-Sucrose Diet Promotes Kidney Lipid Deposition and Causes Apoptosis and Glomerular Hypertrophy in Bama Minipigs.
Omega 6 fatty acids for the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease.
Analysis of the effect of a novel therapeutic for type 2 diabetes on the proteome of a muscle cell line.
Salt-inducible kinases mediate nutrient-sensing to link dietary sugar and tumorigenesis in Drosophila.
Low Carbohydrate-Diet Scores and Long-term Risk of Type 2 Diabetes Among Women With a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Cohort Study.
Fish oil diet in pregnancy and lactation reduces pup weight and modifies newborn hepatic metabolic adaptations in rats.
Carbohydrate malabsorption in acutely malnourished children and infants: a systematic review.
High Fat High Cholesterol Diet (Western Diet) Aggravates Atherosclerosis, Hyperglycemia and Renal Failure in Nephrectomized LDL Receptor Knockout Mice: Role of Intestine Derived Lipopolysaccharide.
Fat Quality Influences the Obesogenic Effect of High Fat Diets.
Metabolic Characterization of the Common Marmoset (Callithrix jacchus).
Green Tea Extract and Catechol-O-Methyltransferase Genotype Modify Fasting Serum Insulin and Plasma Adiponectin Concentrations in a Randomized Controlled Trial of Overweight and Obese Postmenopausal Women.
Stachyose increases absorption and hepatoprotective effect of tea polyphenols in high fructose-fed mice.
Anthocyanin-rich Phytochemicals from Aronia Fruits Inhibit Visceral Fat Accumulation and Hyperglycemia in High-fat Diet-induced Dietary Obese Rats.
Effects of Aster scaber Seed Oil Containing trans-Δ3 Fatty Acids on Lipid Profiles of Hamsters and Rats.
Calcium supplementation modulates gut microbiota in a prebiotic manner in dietary obese mice.
Mechanism of sphingosine-1-phosphate induced cardioprotection against I/R injury in diabetic rat heart: Possible involvement of glycogen synthase kinase 3β and mitochondrial permeability transition pore.
The effect of 6 days of alpha glycerylphosphorylcholine on isometric strength.
Spent turmeric reduces fat mass in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Trenbolone Improves Cardiometabolic Risk Factors and Myocardial Tolerance to Ischemia-Reperfusion in Male Rats With Testosterone-Deficient Metabolic Syndrome.
Osteoarthritis-like pathologic changes in the knee joint induced by environmental disruption of circadian rhythms is potentiated by a high-fat diet.
Effect of increasing dietary nonfiber carbohydrate with starch, sucrose, or lactose on rumen fermentation and productivity of lactating dairy cows.
The Evidence for Saturated Fat and for Sugar Related to Coronary Heart Disease.
Making healthy eating and physical activity policy practice: process evaluation of a group randomized controlled intervention in afterschool programs.
Personalized Nutrition by Prediction of Glycemic Responses.
Gene Expression and Correlation of Pten and Fabp4 in Liver, Muscle, and Adipose Tissues of Type 2 Diabetes Rats.
THE IMPORTANCE OF DIETARY CARBOHYDRATE IN HUMAN EVOLUTION.
Lipidomic Profiling of Liver Tissue from Obesity-Prone and Obesity-Resistant Mice Fed a High Fat Diet.
Fenretinide mediated retinoic acid receptor signalling and inhibition of ceramide biosynthesis regulates adipogenesis, lipid accumulation, mitochondrial function and nutrient stress signalling in adipocytes and adipose tissue.
In vivo effects of Maillard reaction products derived from biscuits.
Monoterpenes: Novel insights into their biological effects and roles on glucose uptake and lipid metabolism in 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
Coleus forskohlii Extract Supplementation in Conjunction with a Hypocaloric Diet Reduces the Risk Factors of Metabolic Syndrome in Overweight and Obese Subjects: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Antihyperlipidemic and antioxidant activities of the ethanolic extract of Garcinia cambogia on high fat diet-fed rats.
Altered sensitization patterns to sweet food stimuli in patients recovered from anorexia and bulimia nervosa.
[Quality management in weight restitution in Anorexia nervosa--pathophysiology, evidence-based practice and prevention of the refeeding syndrome].
Analyses of a satiety factor NUCB2/nesfatin-1; gene expressions and modulation by different dietary components in dogs.
Intermittent access to a sucrose solution impairs metabolism in obesity-prone but not obesity-resistant mice.
Insulin resistance and endometrial cancer risk: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Placental antioxidant enzyme status and lipid peroxidation in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes: The effect of vitamin C and E supplementation.
Dietary fructose in pregnancy induces hyperglycemia, hypertension, and pathologic kidney and liver changes in a rodent model.
Vitamin A deficiency suppresses high fructose-induced triglyceride synthesis and elevates resolvin D1 levels.
Palmitic acid (16:0) competes with omega-6 linoleic and omega-3 ɑ-linolenic acids for FADS2 mediated Δ6-desaturation.
Comparison of copper and zinc in vitro bioaccessibility from cyanobacteria rich in proteins and a synthetic supplement containing gluconate complexes: LC-MS mapping of bioaccessible copper complexes.
Impact of gastric pH profiles on the proteolytic digestion of mixed βlg-Xanthan biopolymer gels.
Anti-obesity and lipid lowering effects of Cymodocea nodosa sulphated polysaccharide on high cholesterol-fed-rats.
Mechanisms of Protective Effect of Ramulus Mori Polysaccharides on Renal Injury in High-Fat Diet/Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Rats.
Antidiabetic and antihyperlipidemic activities of a novel polyherbal formulation in high fat diet/streptozotocin induced diabetic rat model.
Polyphenols: Potential Future Arsenals in the Treatment of Diabetes.
Methyl jasmolate treated buckwheat sprout powder enhances glucose metabolism by potentiating hepatic insulin signaling in estrogen-deficient rats.
Fetuin B Is a Secreted Hepatocyte Factor Linking Steatosis to Impaired Glucose Metabolism.
Fructan distribution in banana cultivars and effect of ripening and processing on Nendran banana.
Anti-hyperglycemic activity of selenium nanoparticles in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
The impact of sugar sweetened beverage intake on hunger and satiety in minority adolescents.
Indicators of the need for insulin treatment and the effect of treatment for gestational diabetes on pregnancy outcomes in Japan.
Beneficial metabolic actions of a stable GIP agonist following pre-treatment with a SGLT2 inhibitor in high fat fed diabetic mice.
Reduced dietary intake of simple sugars alters perceived sweet taste intensity but not perceived pleasantness.
Changes in milk composition in obese rats consuming a high-fat diet.
Isocaloric Pair-Fed High-Carbohydrate Diet Induced More Hepatic Steatosis and Inflammation than High-Fat Diet Mediated by miR-34a/SIRT1 Axis in Mice.
Circulating concentrations of glucagon-like peptide 1, glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide, peptide YY, and insulin in client-owned lean, overweight, and diabetic cats.
Prevalence of Diabetes and Impaired Fasting Glucose in Hypertensive Adults in Rural China: Far from Leveling-Off.
High Intrinsic Aerobic Capacity Protects against Ethanol-Induced Hepatic Injury and Metabolic Dysfunction: Study Using High Capacity Runner Rat Model.
Psychological and physiological correlates of childhood obesity in Taiwan.
Polychlorinated Biphenyl-Xenobiotic Nuclear Receptor Interactions Regulate Energy Metabolism, Behavior, and Inflammation in Non-alcoholic-Steatohepatitis.
Recognition of purified beta 1,3/1,6 glucan and molecular signalling in the intestine of Atlantic salmon.
A high-fat, high-saturated fat diet decreases insulin sensitivity without changing intra-abdominal fat in weight-stable overweight and obese adults.
Osteopenia is associated with glycemic levels and blood pressure in Chinese postmenopausal women: a cross-sectional study.
Parameters and pitfalls to consider in the conduct of food additive research, Carrageenan as a case study.
Unsuppressed lipolysis in adipocytes is linked with enhanced gluconeogenesis and altered bile acid physiology in Insr(P1195L/+) mice fed high-fat-diet.
Involvement of pregnane X receptor in the impaired glucose utilization induced by atorvastatin in hepatocytes.
Biochemical characterization of an acidophilic β-mannanase from Gloeophyllum trabeum CBS900.73 with significant transglycosylation activity and feed digesting ability.
Payer source influence on effectiveness of lifestyle medicine programs.
Effects of Ramadan Fasting on Glucose Homeostasis, Lipid Profiles, Inflammation and Oxidative Stress in Women with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome in Kashan, Iran.
Quantitative shotgun proteomics reveals extensive changes to the proteome of the orbitofrontal cortex in rats that are hyperactive following withdrawal from a high sugar diet.
Hepatic role in an early glucose-lowering effect by a novel dipeptidyl peptidase 4 inhibitor, evogliptin, in a rodent model of type 2 diabetes.
Pathophysiology of type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus: a 90-year perspective.
Atherogenic Dyslipidemia and Residual Vascular Risk in Practice of Family Doctor.
Reducing the serine availability complements the inhibition of the glutamine metabolism to block leukemia cell growth.
Effects of Fresh Yellow Onion Consumption on CEA, CA125 and Hepatic Enzymes in Breast Cancer Patients: A Double- Blind Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial.
Innate biology versus lifestyle behaviour in the aetiology of obesity and type 2 diabetes: the GLACIER Study.
Emodin improves lipid and glucose metabolism in high fat diet-induced obese mice through regulating SREBP pathway.
Sustained satiety induced by food foams is independent of energy content, in healthy adults.
Seasonal dietary shifting in yellow-rumped warblers is unrelated to macronutrient targets.
Mulberry and cherry anthocyanin consumption prevents oxidative stress and inflammation in diet-induced obese mice.
Expression of mitochondria-related genes is elevated in overfeeding-induced goose fatty liver.
Long-term dietary supplementation with saury oil attenuates metabolic abnormalities in mice fed a high-fat diet: combined beneficial effect of omega-3 fatty acids and long-chain monounsaturated fatty acids.
Weight Loss and the Prevention and Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Using Lifestyle Therapy, Pharmacotherapy, and Bariatric Surgery: Mechanisms of Action.
Antidiabetic effect of polysaccharides from Pleurotus ostreatus in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Dry period plane of energy: Effects on glucose tolerance in transition dairy cows.
Breaking Up Prolonged Sitting With Standing or Walking Attenuates the Postprandial Metabolic Response in Postmenopausal Women: A Randomized Acute Study.
Circulating Unsaturated Fatty Acids Delineate the Metabolic Status of Obese Individuals.
Administration of granulocyte-colony stimulating factor accompanied with a balanced diet improves cardiac function alterations induced by high fat diet in mice.
Dietary effects on inositol phosphate breakdown in the crop of broilers.
A Supplemented High-Fat Low-Carbohydrate Diet for the Treatment of Glioblastoma.
Long-Term Effects of a Very Low Carbohydrate Compared With a High Carbohydrate Diet on Renal Function in Individuals With Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized Trial.
Beneficial Effects of Evogliptin, a Novel Dipeptidyl Peptidase 4 Inhibitor, on Adiposity with Increased Ppargc1a in White Adipose Tissue in Obese Mice.
High intake of dietary tyramine does not deteriorate glucose handling and does not cause adverse cardiovascular effects in mice.
Immunological aspects of sport nutrition.
Isomaltodextrin, a highly branched α-glucan, increases rat colonic H₂ production as well as indigestible dextrin.
Gastrodin Ameliorates Oxidative Stress and Proinflammatory Response in Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease through the AMPK/Nrf2 Pathway.
The brown and brite adipocyte marker Cox7a1 is not required for non-shivering thermogenesis in mice.
[The level of nutrition knowledge versus dietary habits of diabetes patients treated with insulin].
SLC39A8 Deficiency: A Disorder of Manganese Transport and Glycosylation.
Weight loss on low-fat vs. low-carbohydrate diets by insulin resistance status among overweight adults and adults with obesity: A randomized pilot trial.
Autocrine Human Urotensin II Enhances Macrophage-Derived Foam Cell Formation in Transgenic Rabbits.
The Effect of Tianmai Xiaoke Pian on Insulin Resistance through PI3-K/AKT Signal Pathway.
Effects of grain source, grain processing, and protein degradability on rumen kinetics and microbial protein synthesis in Boer kids.
Chemical composition, fermentation characteristics, digestibility, and degradability of silages from two amaranth varieties (Kharkovskiy and Sem), corn, and an amaranth-corn combination.
Long-term effects of oral tea polyphenols and Lactobacillus brevis M8 on biochemical parameters, digestive enzymes, and cytokines expression in broilers.
Erythropoietin alleviates hepatic insulin resistance via PPARγ-dependent AKT activation.
Low intensity exercise prevents disturbances in rat cardiac insulin signaling and endothelial nitric oxide synthase induced by high fructose diet.
Genetic ablation of lymphocytes and cytokine signaling in nonobese diabetic mice prevents diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance.
Second-generation antisense oligonucleotides against β-catenin protect mice against diet-induced hepatic steatosis and hepatic and peripheral insulin resistance.
Fasting protects mice from lethal DNA damage by promoting small intestinal epithelial stem cell survival.
Ghrelin O-acyltransferase knockout mice show resistance to obesity when fed high-sucrose diet.
Energy and nutrient intakes of Sri Lankan patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional survey.
Is there any place for resistant starch, as alimentary prebiotic, for patients with type 2 diabetes?
Impact of Patient Preparation on the Diagnostic Performance of 18F-FDG PET in Cardiac Sarcoidosis: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Prevention of diet-induced hepatic steatosis and hepatic insulin resistance by second generation antisense oligonucleotides targeted to the longevity gene mIndy (Slc13a5).
Type II diabetes disparities in diverse women: the potential roles of body composition, diet and physical activity.
Glycemic modulation in neuro-oncology: experience and future directions using a modified Atkins diet for high-grade brain tumors.
High sugar and butter (HSB) diet induces obesity and metabolic syndrome with decrease in regulatory T cells in adipose tissue of mice.
Protective effects of L-arabinose in high-carbohydrate, high-fat diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rats.
'Live more': Study protocol for a community-based lifestyle education program addressing non-communicable diseases in low-literacy areas of the South Pacific.
Effects of Long-Term Exposure to Free Nε-(Carboxymethyl)lysine on Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Excess maternal salt or fructose intake programmes sex-specific, stress- and fructose-sensitive hypertension in the offspring.
L-Arginine and vitamin C attenuate pro-atherogenic effects of high-fat diet on biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction in rats.
Purified Betacyanins from Hylocereus undatus Peel Ameliorate Obesity and Insulin Resistance in High-Fat-Diet-Fed Mice.
Understanding the Physiology of FGF21.
Sweetening of the global diet, particularly beverages: patterns, trends, and policy responses.
The Therapeutic Potential of Resistant Starch in Modulation of Insulin Resistance, Endotoxemia, Oxidative Stress and Antioxidant Biomarkers in Women with Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial.
Inactivation of the Class II PI3K-C2β Potentiates Insulin Signaling and Sensitivity.
The renal protective effects of Anoectochilus roxburghii polysaccharose on diabetic mice induced by high-fat diet and streptozotocin.
Intestinal Water Absorption Varies with Expected Dietary Water Load among Bats but Does Not Drive Paracellular Nutrient Absorption.
High Altitude Illness: Dietary Implications.
Protective effect of pioglitazone on cardiomyocyte apoptosis in low-dose streptozotocin &amp; high-fat diet-induced type-2 diabetes in rats.
The 'metabolic sensor' function of rat supraoptic oxytocin and vasopressin neurons is attenuated during lactation but not in diet-induced obesity.
Less increase of copeptin and MR-proADM due to intervention with selenium and coenzyme Q10 combined: Results from a 4-year prospective randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial among elderly Swedish citizens.
The effect of L-arginine and ascorbic acid on the visceral fat and the concentrations of metalloproteinases 2 and 9 in high-fat-diet rats.
Effect of chromium picolinate and melatonin either in single or in a combination in high carbohydrate diet-fed male Wistar rats.
Extract of Ginkgo Biloba Ameliorates Streptozotocin-Induced Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus and High-Fat Diet-Induced Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Mice.
GLUCOMANNAN AND GLUCOMANNAN PLUS SPIRULINA-ENRICHED SQUID-SURIMI ADDED TO HIGH SATURATED DIET AFFECT GLYCEMIA, PLASMA AND ADIPOSE LEPTIN AND ADIPONECTIN LEVELS IN GROWING FA/FA RATS.
Performance of Fasting Plasma Glucose and Postprandial Urine Glucose in Screening for Diabetes in Chinese High-risk Population.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-delta agonist ameliorated inflammasome activation in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Dietary carbohydrate intake, glycaemic load, glycaemic index and ovarian cancer risk in African-American women.
Dietary Carbohydrate and Nocturnal Sleep Duration in Relation to Children's BMI: Findings from the IDEFICS Study in Eight European Countries.
CTRP3 deficiency reduces liver size and alters IL-6 and TGFβ levels in obese mice.
Metabolic phenotype and adipose and liver features in a high-fat Western diet-induced mouse model of obesity-linked NAFLD.
Intestine-selective farnesoid X receptor inhibition improves obesity-related metabolic dysfunction.
Pharmacological Blockade of Cannabinoid CB1 Receptors in Diet-Induced Obesity Regulates Mitochondrial Dihydrolipoamide Dehydrogenase in Muscle.
Gsα Deficiency in the Ventromedial Hypothalamus Enhances Leptin Sensitivity and Improves Glucose Homeostasis in Mice on a High-Fat Diet.
Intrarenal renin-angiotensin system mediates fatty acid-induced ER stress in the kidney.
High-Protein Exposure during Gestation or Lactation or after Weaning Has a Period-Specific Signature on Rat Pup Weight, Adiposity, Food Intake, and Glucose Homeostasis up to 6 Weeks of Age.
β-Asarone modulate adipokines and attenuates high fat diet-induced metabolic abnormalities in Wistar rats.
Protein ingestion acutely inhibits insulin-stimulated muscle carnitine uptake in healthy young men.
Macronutrient composition and gestational weight gain: a systematic review.
Acute effect of red meat and dairy on glucose and insulin: a randomized crossover study.
An overview of the contribution of dairy and cheese intakes to nutrient intakes in the Irish diet: results from the National Adult Nutrition Survey.
Effects and mode of action of chitosan and ivy fruit saponins on the microbiome, fermentation and methanogenesis in the rumen simulation technique.
Excess Maternal Fructose Consumption Increases Fetal Loss and Impairs Endometrial Decidualization in Mice.
Carcass and meat quality traits of chickens fed diets concurrently supplemented with vitamins C and E under constant heat stress.
Flaxseed lignans enriched in secoisolariciresinol diglucoside prevent acute asbestos-induced peritoneal inflammation in mice.
Protective effect of thymol on high fat diet induced diabetic nephropathy in C57BL/6J mice.
Boldine attenuates cholestasis associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in hereditary hypertriglyceridemic rats fed by high-sucrose diet.
DSS colitis promotes tumorigenesis and fibrogenesis in a choline-deficient high-fat diet-induced NASH mouse model.
Plasma Ascorbic Acid, A Priori Diet Quality Score, and Incident Hypertension: A Prospective Cohort Study.
A selective peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor δ agonist PYPEP suppresses atherosclerosis in association with improvement of the serum lipoprotein profiles in human apolipoprotein B100 and cholesteryl ester transfer protein double transgenic mice.
Longitudinal changes in adipose tissue of dairy cows from late pregnancy to lactation. Part 2: The SIRT-PPARGC1A axis and its relationship with the adiponectin system.
Diets High in Fiber and Vegetable Protein Are Associated with Low Lumbar Bone Mineral Density in Young Athletes with Oligoamenorrhea.
High-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation impairs the cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway in the liver and white adipose tissue of mouse offspring.
N-Acetylneuraminic Acid Supplementation Prevents High Fat Diet-Induced Insulin Resistance in Rats through Transcriptional and Nontranscriptional Mechanisms.
A Historical Review of Changes in Nutrition Standards of USDA Child Meal Programs Relative to Research Findings on the Nutritional Adequacy of Program Meals and the Diet and Nutritional Health of Participants: Implications for Future Research and the Summer Food Service Program.
Disparate metabolic response to fructose feeding between different mouse strains.
Long-Term Feeding of Chitosan Ameliorates Glucose and Lipid Metabolism in a High-Fructose-Diet-Impaired Rat Model of Glucose Tolerance.
Diet rich in Docosahexaenoic Acid/Eicosapentaenoic Acid robustly ameliorates hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in seipin deficient lipodystrophy mice.
Cumulative effect of reproductive factors on ideal cardiovascular health in postmenopausal women: a cross-sectional study in central south China.
Effect of Black Tea Consumption on Intracellular Cytokines, Regulatory T Cells and Metabolic Biomarkers in Type 2 Diabetes Patients.
Comparison of the dietary intakes of individuals with and without type 1 diabetes in China.
Obesity and hyperglycemia lead to impaired post-ischemic recovery after permanent ischemia in mice.
Running Exercise in Obese Pregnancies Prevents IL-6 Trans-signaling in Male Offspring.
Evaluation of glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Chinese communities: a cross-sectional study.
The Role of Energy, Nutrients, Foods, and Dietary Patterns in the Development of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review of Observational Studies.
A nutrition and conditioning intervention for natural bodybuilding contest preparation: observations and suggestions.
Prolonged metformin treatment leads to reduced transcription of Nrf2 and neurotrophic factors without cognitive impairment in older C57BL/6J mice.
Serum YKL-40 levels in gestational diabetes mellitus.
Defective insulin secretion by chronic glucagon receptor activation in glucose intolerant mice.
An adenovirus-derived protein: A novel candidate for anti-diabetic drug development.
Plyometric exercise combined with high-intensity interval training improves metabolic abnormalities in young obese females more so than interval training alone.
Development of a therapeutic monoclonal antibody that targets secreted fatty acid-binding protein aP2 to treat type 2 diabetes.
Exercise performed immediately after fructose ingestion enhances fructose oxidation and suppresses fructose storage.
Increased peripheral vascular disease risk progressively constrains perfusion adaptability in the skeletal muscle microcirculation.
Deregulation of arginase induces bone complications in high-fat/high-sucrose diet diabetic mouse model.
The prevalence, risk factors, and screening measure for prediabetes and diabetes among Emirati overweight/obese children and adolescents.
High sucrose consumption induces memory impairment in rats associated with electrophysiological modifications but not with metabolic changes in the hippocampus.
Nutritional modifications in male infertility: a systematic review covering 2 decades.
Clinical and metabolic response to probiotic administration in patients with major depressive disorder: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Influence of the reformulation of ingredients in bakery products on healthy characteristics and acceptability of consumers.
The effect of dietary curcumin and capsaicin on hepatic fetuin-A expression and fat accumulation in rats fed on a high-fat diet.
A refined high carbohydrate diet is associated with changes in the serotonin pathway and visceral obesity.
Vitamin D heritability and effect of pregnancy status in Vervet monkeys (Chlorocebus aethiops sabaeus) under conditions of modest and high dietary supplementation.
Effects of monensin and starch level in early lactation diets on indices of immune function in dairy cows.
Invited review: Transitioning from milk to solid feed in dairy heifers.
Feeding of wheat bran and sugar beet pulp as sole supplements in high-forage diets emphasizes the potential of dairy cattle for human food supply.
Selective Spectrum Antibiotic Modulation of the Gut Microbiome in Obesity and Diabetes Rodent Models.
Selective normalisation of regional brain bis(monoacylglycero)phosphate in the mucopolysaccharidosis 1 (Hurler) mouse.
Gsα deficiency in adipose tissue improves glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity without an effect on body weight.
Effects of dairy products consumption on weight loss and blood chemistry in premenopausal obese women.
Postpartum Glucose Testing Rates Following Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Factors Affecting Testing Non-compliance from Four Tertiary Centers in Korea.
Curcumin prevents inflammatory response, oxidative stress and insulin resistance in high fructose fed male Wistar rats: Potential role of serine kinases.
Tofogliflozin Improves Insulin Resistance in Skeletal Muscle and Accelerates Lipolysis in Adipose Tissue in Male Mice.
Effect of roughage on rumen microbiota composition in the efficient feed converter and sturdy Indian Jaffrabadi buffalo (Bubalus bubalis).
Lactose intolerance in Indonesian children.
How much excess body weight, blood sugar, or age can double the risk of hypertension?
Fibrolytic Bacteria Isolated from the Rumen of North American Moose (Alces alces) and Their Use as a Probiotic in Neonatal Lambs.
Western-style diet, with and without chronic androgen treatment, alters the number, structure, and function of small antral follicles in ovaries of young adult monkeys.
Comparison of the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet and a higher-fat DASH diet on blood pressure and lipids and lipoproteins: a randomized controlled trial.
The impact of low-protein high-carbohydrate diets on aging and lifespan.
Novel Zn2+ Modulated GPR39 Receptor Agonists Do Not Drive Acute Insulin Secretion in Rodents.
Fructose-derived advanced glycation end-products drive lipogenesis and skeletal muscle reprogramming via SREBP-1c dysregulation in mice.
Partial Liver Kinase B1 (LKB1) Deficiency Promotes Diastolic Dysfunction, De Novo Systolic Dysfunction, Apoptosis, and Mitochondrial Dysfunction With Dietary Metabolic Challenge.
Oxidative stress contributes to abnormal glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity in two hyperlipidemia models.
Aqueous extract of Chrysobalanus icaco leaves, in lower doses, prevent fat gain in obese high-fat fed mice.
Type 2 diabetes prevention in the community: 12-Month outcomes from the Sydney Diabetes Prevention Program.
Changes in astrocyte functional markers and β-amyloid metabolism-related proteins in the early stages of hypercholesterolemia.
Cholesterol-Lowering Effect of Calcium Alginate in Rats.
Snord116 is critical in the regulation of food intake and body weight.
Sugar- and artificially sweetened beverages and intrahepatic fat: A randomized controlled trial.
High-fat-diet induced development of increased fasting glucose levels and impaired response to intraperitoneal glucose challenge in the collaborative cross mouse genetic reference population.
Misleading conclusions on health effects of cheese and meat-enriched diets in study sponsored by dairy industry.
Reply to P Marckmann.
Associations between Sugar Intake from Different Food Sources and Adiposity or Cardio-Metabolic Risk in Childhood and Adolescence: The Korean Child-Adolescent Cohort Study.
Metabolic factors affect the occurrence of colorectal neoplasm on surveillance colonoscopies.
Disparate Metabolic Responses in Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet Supplemented with Maize-Derived Non-Digestible Feruloylated Oligo- and Polysaccharides Are Linked to Changes in the Gut Microbiota.
Activation of Kupffer Cells Is Associated with a Specific Dysbiosis Induced by Fructose or High Fat Diet in Mice.
A Latex Metabolite Benefits Plant Fitness under Root Herbivore Attack.
Case Study: Competition Nutrition Intakes During the Open Water Swimming Grand Prix Races in Elite Female Swimmer.
Diluted serum from calorie-restricted animals promotes mitochondrial β-cell adaptations and protect against glucolipotoxicity.
Assessment of a land-locked Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar L.) population as a potential genetic resource with a focus on long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis.
[Supply and nutritional composition of salads in the food courts of shopping centers of Metropolitan Lima, 2014].
Maternal high-fat feeding leads to alterations of brain glucose metabolism in the offspring: positron emission tomography study in a porcine model.
Pharmacological inhibition of S6K1 increases glucose metabolism and Akt signalling in vitro and in diet-induced obese mice.
A Comparative Study of Lipid-Lowering Effects of Guggul and Atorvastatin Monotherapy in Comparison to Their Combination in High Cholesterol Diet-Induced Hyperlipidemia in Rabbits.
High-calorie diet inflates steatogenic effects of valproic acid in mice.
Nutritional habits among high-performance endurance athletes.
Enhanced Endurance Performance by Periodization of Carbohydrate Intake: 'Sleep Low' Strategy.
Fisetin-Rich Extracts of Rhus verniciflua Stokes Improve Blood Flow Rates in Mice Fed Both Normal and High-Fat Diets.
Artemisia annua Leaf Extract Attenuates Hepatic Steatosis and Inflammation in High-Fat Diet-Fed Mice.
Effects of Synthetic Diets Enriched in Specific Nutrients on Drosophila Development, Body Fat, and Lifespan.
Effect of Glycemic Index of Breakfast on Energy Intake at Subsequent Meal among Healthy People: A Meta-Analysis.
Western diet induces a shift in microbiota composition enhancing susceptibility to Adherent-Invasive E. coli infection and intestinal inflammation.
Effect of Increasing Doses of Linoleic and α-Linolenic Acids on High-Fructose and High-Fat Diet Induced Metabolic Syndrome in Rats.
mTORC1-independent Raptor prevents hepatic steatosis by stabilizing PHLPP2.
Serum Levels of Osteocalcin and Insulin Resistance in Patients with Impaired Glucose Tolerance or New-Onset Diabetes Mellitus After Liver Transplantation.
Nutritional considerations during prolonged exposure to a confined, hyperbaric, hyperoxic environment: recommendations for saturation divers.
Effects of Excess Energy Intake on Glucose and Lipid Metabolism in C57BL/6 Mice.
Effect of the Healthy Hunger-Free Kids Act on the Nutritional Quality of Meals Selected by Students and School Lunch Participation Rates.
Glucose metabolism ontogenesis in rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) in the light of the recently sequenced genome: new tools for intermediary metabolism programming.
Diabetes in the Cohen Rat Intensifies the Fetal Pancreatic Damage Induced by the Diabetogenic High Sucrose Low Copper Diet.
Mangiferin suppressed advanced glycation end products (AGEs) through NF-κB deactivation and displayed anti-inflammatory effects in streptozotocin and high fat diet-diabetic cardiomyopathy rats.
HDL-sphingomyelin reduction after weight loss by an energy-restricted diet is associated with the improvement of lipid profile, blood pressure, and decrease of insulin resistance in overweight/obese patients.
Quercetin Feeding in Newborn Dairy Calves Cannot Compensate Colostrum Deprivation: Study on Metabolic, Antioxidative and Inflammatory Traits.
IL-15/sIL-15Rα gene transfer induces weight loss and improves glucose homeostasis in obese mice.
Associations of mutually exclusive categories of physical activity and sedentary time with markers of cardiometabolic health in English adults: a cross-sectional analysis of the Health Survey for England.
Reduction of CTRP9, a novel anti-platelet adipokine, contributes to abnormal platelet activity in diabetic animals.
Metabolic response to dietary fibre composition in horses.
Mitochondrial Reactive Oxygen Species Mediate Cardiac Structural, Functional, and Mitochondrial Consequences of Diet-Induced Metabolic Heart Disease.
[Mechanisms of the role of fibroblast growth factor 21 in attenuating insulin resistance].
Cholesteryl Ester Transfer Protein (CETP) expression does not affect glucose homeostasis and insulin secretion: studies in human CETP transgenic mice.
Dieting Habits of Men.
Palmitic Acid Reduces Circulating Bone Formation Markers in Obese Animals and Impairs Osteoblast Activity via C16-Ceramide Accumulation.
Validation of the Korean coefficient for the modification of diet in renal disease study equation.
Relationship of sodium intake with obesity among Korean children and adolescents: Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Systematic Review of Anthocyanins and Markers of Cardiovascular Disease.
Obesity Resistance Promotes Mild Contractile Dysfunction Associated with Intracellular Ca2+ Handling.
[Effect of Jinlida on DGAT1 in Skeletal Muscle in Fat-Induced Insulin Resistance ApoE -/- Mice].
Diet-induced extinctions in the gut microbiota compound over generations.
An improved course of glycaemia after a bread based breakfast is associated with beneficial effects on acute and semi-acute markers of appetite.
Fructose and glucose combined with free fatty acids induce metabolic disorders in HepG2 cell: A new model to study the impacts of high-fructose/sucrose and high-fat diets in vitro.
Safety evaluation of a newly-developed dietary fiber: resistant glucan mixture.
Fragile lifespan expansion by dietary mitohormesis in C. elegans.
High Fiber and Low Starch Intakes Are Associated with Circulating Intermediate Biomarkers of Type 2 Diabetes among Women.
Fibroblast Growth Factor 21 (Fgf21) Gene Expression Is Elevated in the Liver of Mice Fed a High-Carbohydrate Liquid Diet and Attenuated by a Lipid Emulsion but Is Not Upregulated in the Liver of Mice Fed a High-Fat Obesogenic Diet.
Effect of High Pressure Homogenization and Dimethyl Dicarbonate (DMDC) on Microbial and Physicochemical Qualities of Mulberry Juice.
Older adults have an altered chylomicron response to a high-fat meal.
Protective effect of agaro-oligosaccharides on gut dysbiosis and colon tumorigenesis in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Protective effect of R. glutinosa oligosaccharides against high L-carnitine diet-induced endothelial dysfunction and hepatic injury in mice.
Role of Galectin-3 in Obesity and Impaired Glucose Homeostasis.
Unraveling Anthocyanin Bioavailability for Human Health.
Genomic organization and expression of insulin receptors in grass carp, Ctenopharyngodon idellus.
May maternal lifestyle have an impact on neonatal glucose levels?
Coral calcium hydride prevents hepatic steatosis in high fat diet-induced obese rats: A potent mitochondrial nutrient and phase II enzyme inducer.
Chlorogenic Acid Maintains Glucose Homeostasis through Modulating the Expression of SGLT-1, GLUT-2, and PLG in Different Intestinal Segments of Sprague-Dawley Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Carbazole-containing sulfonamides and sulfamides: Discovery of cryptochrome modulators as antidiabetic agents.
A randomized controlled trial to determine the efficacy of a high carbohydrate and high protein ready-to-eat food product for weight loss.
A Low-Protein, High-Carbohydrate Diet Stimulates Thermogenesis in the Brown Adipose Tissue of Rats via ATF-2.
A pilot, short-term dietary manipulation of branched chain amino acids has modest influence on fasting levels of branched chain amino acids.
Ketogenic diets: from cancer to mitochondrial diseases and beyond.
Metformin Restores Parkin-Mediated Mitophagy, Suppressed by Cytosolic p53.
Impact of Diet Composition in Adult Offspring is Dependent on Maternal Diet during Pregnancy and Lactation in Rats.
Intermittent Moderate Energy Restriction Improves Weight Loss Efficiency in Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Using both principal component analysis and reduced rank regression to study dietary patterns and diabetes in Chinese adults.
PAFR in adipose tissue macrophages is associated with anti-inflammatory phenotype and metabolic homoeostasis.
Role of Tyrosine Isomers in Acute and Chronic Diseases Leading to Oxidative Stress - A Review.
Oral intake of a combination of glucosyl hesperidin and caffeine elicits an anti-obesity effect in healthy, moderately obese subjects: a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial.
No Effect of High-Dose Vitamin D Treatment on β-Cell Function, Insulin Sensitivity, or Glucose Homeostasis in Subjects With Abnormal Glucose Tolerance: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Effects of dietary phosphate on glucose and lipid metabolism.
Dietary carbohydrate quantity and quality in relation to obesity: A pooled analysis of three Finnish population-based studies.
Endurance and Resistance Training Affect High Fat Diet-Induced Increase of Ceramides, Inflammasome Expression, and Systemic Inflammation in Mice.
A Novel Wistar Rat Model of Obesity-Related Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Induced by Sucrose-Rich Diet.
Puerarin Protects Pancreatic β-Cells in Obese Diabetic Mice via Activation of GLP-1R Signaling.
Intestinal Bile Acid Composition Modulates Prohormone Convertase 1/3 (PC1/3) Expression and Consequent GLP-1 Production in Male Mice.
Pulsatile Hyperglycaemia Induces Vascular Oxidative Stress and GLUT 1 Expression More Potently than Sustained Hyperglycaemia in Rats on High Fat Diet.
A Transgenic Camelina sativa Seed Oil Effectively Replaces Fish Oil as a Dietary Source of Eicosapentaenoic Acid in Mice.
Protein-Enriched Liquid Preloads Varying in Macronutrient Content Modulate Appetite and Appetite-Regulating Hormones in Healthy Adults.
[Association of childhood and adolescents obesity with adult diabetes].
The 1-hour post-load glucose level is more effective than HbA1c for screening dysglycemia.
Dietary intake and food sources of added sugar in the Australian population.
In silico, in vitro and in vivo analyses of dipeptidyl peptidase IV inhibitory activity and the antidiabetic effect of sodium caseinate hydrolysate.
Impaired fasting glucose, single-nucleotide polymorphisms, and risk for colorectal cancer in Koreans.
Multiple Linear Regression and Artificial Neural Network to Predict Blood Glucose in Overweight Patients.
Modulating the Gut Microbiota Improves Glucose Tolerance, Lipoprotein Profile and Atherosclerotic Plaque Development in ApoE-Deficient Mice.
[Diastolic heart failure treated by diet].
Associations between Forkhead Box O1 (FoxO1) Expression and Indicators of Hepatic Glucose Production in Transition Dairy Cows Supplemented with Dietary Nicotinic Acid.
Vescalagin from Pink Wax Apple [Syzygium samarangense (Blume) Merrill and Perry] Alleviates Hepatic Insulin Resistance and Ameliorates Glycemic Metabolism Abnormality in Rats Fed a High-Fructose Diet.
Apigenin and naringenin regulate glucose and lipid metabolism, and ameliorate vascular dysfunction in type 2 diabetic rats.
A subset of enteroendocrine cells is activated by amino acids in the Drosophila midgut.
Insulin resistance: The linchpin between prediabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Biomarkers and prediction of myocardial triglyceride content in non-diabetic men.
CoA protects against the deleterious effects of caloric overload in Drosophila.
Tissue-specific expression of ghrelinergic and NUCB2/nesfatin-1 systems in goldfish (Carassius auratus) is modulated by macronutrient composition of diets.
Reduced-fat dried distillers grains with solubles reduces the risk for milk fat depression and supports milk production and ruminal fermentation in dairy cows.
Lactose in milk replacer can partly be replaced by glucose, fructose, or glycerol without affecting insulin sensitivity in veal calves.
Wild ginseng cambial meristematic cells ameliorate hepatic steatosis and mitochondrial dysfunction in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Hepatic adenylate cyclase 3 is upregulated by Liraglutide and subsequently plays a protective role in insulin resistance and obesity.
Serum S-adenosylmethionine, but not methionine, increases in response to overfeeding in humans.
Human 'brite/beige' adipocytes develop from capillary networks, and their implantation improves metabolic homeostasis in mice.
Postprandial Hypertriglyceridemia Predicts Development of Insulin Resistance Glucose Intolerance and Type 2 Diabetes.
Subclinical-Dose Endotoxin Sustains Low-Grade Inflammation and Exacerbates Steatohepatitis in High-Fat Diet-Fed Mice.
Dietary Intake at 9 Years and Subsequent Body Mass Index in Adolescent Boys and Girls: A Study of Monozygotic Twin Pairs.
Effects of Diet Composition and Insulin Resistance Status on Plasma Lipid Levels in a Weight Loss Intervention in Women.
Diet and nutritional factors in inflammatory bowel diseases.
Mitochondrial Dysfunction Plus High-Sugar Diet Provokes a Metabolic Crisis That Inhibits Growth.
Effects of corn type and fasting time before slaughter on growth and plasma index in weaning pigs.
Child-specific food insecurity and its sociodemographic and nutritional determinants among Iranian schoolchildren.
Lipotoxicity in steatohepatitis occurs despite an increase in tricarboxylic acid cycle activity.
Fad diets and their effect on urinary stone formation.
Association between maternal diet factors and hemoglobin levels, glucose tolerance, blood pressure and gestational age in a Hispanic population.
Fructose-Rich Beverage Intake and Central Adiposity, Uric Acid, and Pediatric Insulin Resistance.
Impact of metabolic syndrome and its components on heart rate variability during hemodialysis: a cross-sectional study.
Corticosterone administration in drinking water decreases high-fat diet intake but not preference in male rats.
USF1 deficiency activates brown adipose tissue and improves cardiometabolic health.
Sleep duration and dietary macronutrient consumption can modify the cardiovascular disease for Korean women but not for men.
A High-Fat Diet Causes Impairment in Hippocampal Memory and Sex-Dependent Alterations in Peripheral Metabolism.
Cardiometabolic risk factors in native populations living at high altitudes.
Lanatoside C Promotes Foam Cell Formation and Atherosclerosis.
Comparison of potential preventive effects of pomegranate flower, peel and seed oil on insulin resistance and inflammation in high-fat and high-sucrose diet-induced obesity mice model.
Protective effects of berberine on high fat-induced kidney damage by increasing serum adiponectin and promoting insulin sensitivity.
A Comparison of hs-CRP Levels in New Diabetes Groups Diagnosed Based on FPG, 2-hPG, or HbA1c Criteria.
Mice Abundant in Muricholic Bile Acids Show Resistance to Dietary Induced Steatosis, Weight Gain, and to Impaired Glucose Metabolism.
Fasting C-peptide and Related Parameters Characterizing Insulin Secretory Capacity for Correctly Classifying Diabetes Type and for Predicting Insulin Requirement in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes.
Genetic models rule out a major role of beta cell glycogen in the control of glucose homeostasis.
PPARγ activation alters fatty acid composition in adipose triglyceride, in addition to proliferation of small adipocytes, in insulin resistant high-fat fed rats.
Ethanolic extract of Nigella sativa protects Fe(II) induced lipid peroxidation in rat's brain, kidney and liver homogenates.
The role of foregut exclusion in the deterioration of glucose and lipid metabolism induced by a high-fat diet.
Total, Free, and Added Sugar Consumption and Adherence to Guidelines: The Dutch National Food Consumption Survey 2007-2010.
Effects of Incretin-Based Therapies on Neuro-Cardiovascular Dynamic Changes Induced by High Fat Diet in Rats.
High-Fat Diet Changes Hippocampal Apolipoprotein E (ApoE) in a Genotype- and Carbohydrate-Dependent Manner in Mice.
Antidiabetic and hypolipidemic effects of adropinin streoptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetic rats.
MicroRNA-181b Improves Glucose Homeostasis and Insulin Sensitivity by Regulating Endothelial Function in White Adipose Tissue.
Intestinal Phospholipid Remodeling Is Required for Dietary-Lipid Uptake and Survival on a High-Fat Diet.
PUFA-induced cell death is mediated by Yca1p-dependent and -independent pathways, and is reduced by vitamin C in yeast.
Energy metabolism in neuroblastoma and Wilms tumor.
Improving Effect of the Acute Administration of Dietary Fiber-Enriched Cereals on Blood Glucose Levels and Gut Hormone Secretion.
Myocardial Structural and Biological Anomalies Induced by High Fat Diet in Psammomys obesus Gerbils.
The Effect of Divergence in Feed Efficiency on the Intestinal Microbiota and the Intestinal Immune Response in Both Unchallenged and Lipopolysaccharide Challenged Ileal and Colonic Explants.
Grain-rich diets altered the colonic fermentation and mucosa-associated bacterial communities and induced mucosal injuries in goats.
A dose-response evaluation of freeze-dried strawberries independent of fiber content on metabolic indices in abdominally obese individuals with insulin resistance in a randomized, single-blinded, diet-controlled crossover trial.
Timing of expression of the core clock gene Bmal1 influences its effects on aging and survival.
The Colonic Microbiome and Epithelial Transcriptome Are Altered in Rats Fed a High-Protein Diet Compared with a Normal-Protein Diet.
Targeting gut flora to treat and prevent disease.
Preventive effect of curcumin on inflammation, oxidative stress and insulin resistance in high-fat fed obese rats.
Dietary Total Antioxidant Capacity is Inversely Associated with Prostate Cancer Aggressiveness in a Population-Based Study.
Cholesteryl Ester Transfer Protein Inhibition Is Not Yet Dead--Pro.
Effect of -55CT Polymorphism of UCP3 on Insulin Resistance and Cardiovascular Risk Factors after a High Protein/Low Carbohydrate versus a Standard Hypocaloric Diet.
Maternal Dietary Patterns are Associated with Lower Levels of Cardiometabolic Markers during Pregnancy.
Neuroprotective effect of berberine is mediated by MAPK signaling pathway in experimental diabetic neuropathy in rats.
A long-term high-fat, high-sucrose diet in Bama minipigs promotes lipid deposition and amyotrophy by up-regulating the myostatin pathway.
Diet-induced obesity resistance of adult female mice selectively bred for increased wheel-running behavior is reversed by single perinatal exposure to a high-energy diet.
Possible effects of Phillyrea latifolia on weight loss in rats fed a high-energy diet.
High-fructose intake as risk factor for neurodegeneration: Key role for carboxy methyllysine accumulation in mice hippocampal neurons.
Oxidative stress and metabolic disorders: Pathogenesis and therapeutic strategies.
Effects of dietary nitrogen levels and carbohydrate sources on apparent ruminal synthesis of some B vitamins in dairy cows.
Source of carbohydrate and metabolizable lysine and methionine in the diet of recently weaned dairy calves on digestion and growth.
[Peptide Regulation of Metabolic Processes under Hypercholesterinemia Conditions of an Organism].
CITRIN DEFICIENCY: AN INFANT INCIDENTALLY DETECTED BY PHENYLKETONURIA SCREENING WITH A NOVEL MUTATION IN SLC25A13 GENE.
[Analysis of antioxidant status and actual diet of students].
[Features of food priorities in urban population of Kazakhstan in regard of consumption of foods with high glycemic index and significant content of fat].
[Nutrition and biological value of food parts of a trade bivalve mollusk Anadara broughtoni].
Ceramide Synthase 5 Is Essential to Maintain C16:0-Ceramide Pools and Contributes to the Development of Diet-induced Obesity.
Chrysobalanus icaco L. Leaves Normalizes Insulin Sensitivity and Blood Glucose and Inhibits Weight Gain in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Environmental enrichment reverses cognitive impairments provoked by Western diet in rats: Role of corticosteroid receptors.
Fructose consumption does not worsen bone deficits resulting from high-fat feeding in young male rats.
Effects of exogenous ketone supplementation on blood ketone, glucose, triglyceride, and lipoprotein levels in Sprague-Dawley rats.
Influence of environmental factors in the development of inflammatory bowel diseases.
Role of Dietary Fructose and Hepatic De Novo Lipogenesis in Fatty Liver Disease.
Contributors to dietary glycaemic index and glycaemic load in the Netherlands: the role of beer.
Carcass traits and meat quality of Nellore cattle fed different non-fiber carbohydrates sources associated with crude glycerin.
Incidence of register-based diabetes 10 years after a stepwise diabetes screening programme: the ADDITION-Denmark study.
Long-Acting Phospholipid Gel of Exenatide for Long-Term Therapy of Type II Diabetes.
Chronic Alcohol Consumption Causes Liver Injury in High-Fructose-Fed Male Mice Through Enhanced Hepatic Inflammatory Response.
Hexim1, a Novel Regulator of Leptin Function, Modulates Obesity and Glucose Disposal.
Ketogenic diet and other dietary treatments for epilepsy.
Mapping and Congenic Dissection of Genetic Loci Contributing to Hyperglycemia and Dyslipidemia in Mice.
Diet-related greenhouse gas emissions assessed by a food frequency questionnaire and validated using 7-day weighed food records.
Selenium and Metabolic Disorders: An Emphasis on Type 2 Diabetes Risk.
Psoralea corylifolia L. Seed Extract Attenuates Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Circadian control of oscillations in mitochondrial rate-limiting enzymes and nutrient utilization by PERIOD proteins.
Review of Various Herbal Supplements as Complementary Treatments for Oral Cancer.
Associations of erythrocyte fatty acid patterns with insulin resistance.
Roux-en-Y gastric bypass in rats progressively decreases the proportion of fat calories selected from a palatable cafeteria diet.
Agaro-oligosaccharides: a new frontier in the fight against colon cancer?
Phenolic composition, ascorbic acid content, and antioxidant capacity of Spanish jujube (Ziziphus jujube Mill.) fruits.
Diet-induced changes in maternal gut microbiota and metabolomic profiles influence programming of offspring obesity risk in rats.
Minor milk constituents are affected by protein concentration and forage digestibility in the feed ration.
Ginsenoside Rg1 ameliorates diabetic cardiomyopathy by inhibiting endoplasmic reticulum stress-induced apoptosis in a streptozotocin-induced diabetes rat model.
The development of tumours under a ketogenic diet in association with the novel tumour marker TKTL1: A case series in general practice.
Sodium alginate prevents progression of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and liver carcinogenesis in obese and diabetic mice.
The ergogenic supplement β-hydroxy-β-methylbutyrate (HMB) attenuates insulin resistance through suppressing GLUT-2 in rat liver.
Endothelial Estrogen Receptor-α Does Not Protect Against Vascular Stiffness Induced by Western Diet in Female Mice.
Macrophage CGI-58 Attenuates Inflammatory Responsiveness via Promotion of PPARγ Signaling.
Environmental stimulation rescues maternal high fructose intake-impaired learning and memory in female offspring: Its correlation with redistribution of histone deacetylase 4.
Chemerin in peritoneal sepsis and its associations with glucose metabolism and prognosis: a translational cross-sectional study.
iPLA2β deficiency attenuates obesity and hepatic steatosis in ob/ob mice through hepatic fatty-acyl phospholipid remodeling.
Phylogenetic analysis and tissue distribution of elasmobranch glucose transporters and their response to feeding.
GPER activation ameliorates aortic remodeling induced by salt-sensitive hypertension.
Differential modulation of cytosolic lipases activities in liver and adipose tissue by high-carbohydrate diets.
Energy-restricted, high-protein diets more effectively impact cardiometabolic profile in overweight and obese women than lower-protein diets.
Ketogenic diet restores aberrant cortical motor maps and excitation-to-inhibition imbalance in the BTBR mouse model of autism spectrum disorder.
Loss of Muscle MTCH2 Increases Whole-Body Energy Utilization and Protects from Diet-Induced Obesity.
Dietary Effects of Oxidized Eicosapentaenoic Acid (EPA) and Intact EPA on Hepatic Steatosis Induced by a High-sucrose Diet and Liver-X-receptor α Agonist in Mice.
Formation of type 4 resistant starch and maltodextrins from amylose and amylopectin upon dry heating: A model study.
Functional Imagery Training to reduce snacking: Testing a novel motivational intervention based on Elaborated Intrusion theory.
A low-carbohydrate high-fat diet increases weight gain and does not improve glucose tolerance, insulin secretion or β-cell mass in NZO mice.
Digoxin reduces atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice.
Prevalence and correlates of proteinuria in Kampala, Uganda: a cross-sectional pilot study.
Pharmacological inhibition of galectin-1 by lactulose alleviates weight gain in diet-induced obese rats.
In Situ Evaluation of Oxidative Stress in Rat Fatty Liver Induced by a Methionine- and Choline-Deficient Diet.
A MED13-dependent skeletal muscle gene program controls systemic glucose homeostasis and hepatic metabolism.
Anti-diabetes effect of chronic intermittent hypobaric hypoxia through improving liver insulin resistance in diabetic rats.
Gossypol ameliorates liver fibrosis in diabetic rats induced by high-fat diet and streptozocin.
Disruption of the sugar-sensing receptor T1R2 attenuates metabolic derangements associated with diet-induced obesity.
Lysosomal integral membrane protein Sidt2 plays a vital role in insulin secretion.
Flavin-Containing Monooxygenase 3 Reduces Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress in Lipid-Treated Hepatocytes.
Sponge-Like Dressings Based on the Association of Chitosan and Sericin for the Treatment of Chronic Skin Ulcers. II. Loading of the Hemoderivative Platelet Lysate.
CHARACTERISTIC OF ACTUAL FOOD AT ELDERLY AND SENILE AGED POPULATION OF YAKUTIA.
[Impact of health educators' intervention on non-communicable diseases-related knowledge, attitude and behavior among rural residents].
Comparison of Commercial and Self-Initiated Weight Loss Programs in People With Prediabetes: A Randomized Control Trial.
Suppression of Endogenous Glucose Production by Isoleucine and Valine and Impact of Diet Composition.
Phlorizin Supplementation Attenuates Obesity, Inflammation, and Hyperglycemia in Diet-Induced Obese Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Mycotoxins in wheat flour and intake assessment in Shandong province of China.
Metabolic characteristics of keto-adapted ultra-endurance runners.
Long-term High Fat Ketogenic Diet Promotes Renal Tumor Growth in a Rat Model of Tuberous Sclerosis.
Lipopolysaccharide derived from the digestive tract activates inflammatory gene expression and inhibits casein synthesis in the mammary glands of lactating dairy cows.
Isocaloric manipulation of macronutrients within a high-carbohydrate/moderate-fat diet induces unique effects on hepatic lipogenesis, steatosis and liver injury.
The five glucose-6-phosphatase paralogous genes are differentially regulated by insulin alone or combined with high level of amino acids and/or glucose in trout hepatocytes.
Effect of nano-sized, elemental selenium supplement on the proteome of chicken liver.
Short-term ursolic acid promotes skeletal muscle rejuvenation through enhancing of SIRT1 expression and satellite cells proliferation.
Anti-obesity effects of artificial planting blueberry (Vaccinium ashei) anthocyanin in high-fat diet-treated mice.
Plasma Cholesterol-Lowering Activity of Lard Functionalized with Mushroom Extracts Is Independent of Niemann-Pick C1-like 1 Protein and ABC Sterol Transporter Gene Expression in Hypercholesterolemic Mice.
Metabolic Activity of Radish Sprouts Derived Isothiocyanates in Drosophila melanogaster.
Grape pomace and grape pomace extract improve insulin signaling in high-fat-fructose fed rat-induced metabolic syndrome.
Severe Hypertriglyceridemia in Glut1D on Ketogenic Diet.
Effect of Prebiotic Galacto-Oligosaccharides on Serum Lipid Profile of Hypercholesterolemics.
β-aminoisobutyric acid attenuates hepatic endoplasmic reticulum stress and glucose/lipid metabolic disturbance in mice with type 2 diabetes.
Hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia blunts the Insulin-Inpp5f negative feedback loop in the diabetic heart.
Trends in Metabolic Syndrome Severity and Lifestyle Factors Among Adolescents.
Classification of different degrees of adiposity in sedentary rats.
Essential Role of IGFIR in the Onset of Male Brown Fat Thermogenic Function: Regulation of Glucose Homeostasis by Differential Organ-Specific Insulin Sensitivity.
Prunus mume leaf extract lowers blood glucose level in diabetic mice.
Resveratrol ameliorates fibrosis and inflammation in a mouse model of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
Prevention of Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes with Aged Citrus Peel (Chenpi) Extract.
Prevalence of Sugar-Sweetened Beverage Intake Among Adults--23 States and the District of Columbia, 2013.
Effects of liraglutide in hypothalamic arcuate nucleus of obese mice.
An extract of Urtica dioica L. mitigates obesity induced insulin resistance in mice skeletal muscle via protein phosphatase 2A (PP2A).
The Effects of Glucose Therapy Agents-Apple Juice, Orange Juice, and Cola-on Enteral Tube Flow and Patency.
High-fructose and high-fat diet-induced disorders in rats: impact on diabetes risk, hepatic and vascular complications.
Gluconeogenesis during endurance exercise in cyclists habituated to a long-term low carbohydrate high-fat diet.
High-Fat and Low-Carbohydrate Diets Are Associated with Allergic Rhinitis But Not Asthma or Atopic Dermatitis in Children.
A prebiotic effect of Ecklonia cava on the growth and mortality of olive flounder infected with pathogenic bacteria.
Constitutive adipocyte mTORC1 activation enhances mitochondrial activity and reduces visceral adiposity in mice.
High dietary fat-induced obesity in Wistar rats and type 2 diabetes in nonobese Goto-Kakizaki rats differentially affect retinol binding protein 4 expression and vitamin A metabolism.
Nutritional and exercise interventions variably affect estrogen receptor expression in the adipose tissue of male rats.
Hypothalamic leptin action is mediated by histone deacetylase 5.
Dietary sugar intake increases liver tumor incidence in female mice.
Effects of phenolic-rich extracts of Clinacanthus nutans on high fat and high cholesterol diet-induced insulin resistance.
Anti-obesity effect of milk fermented by Lactobacillus plantarum NCDC 625 alone and in combination with herbs on high fat diet fed C57BL/6J mice.
Food Intake Adequacy in Children and Adolescents With Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
Polyphenol protection and treatment of hypertension.
Weight loss is associated with plasma free amino acid alterations in subjects with metabolic syndrome.
Solanum nigrum Protects against Hepatic Fibrosis via Suppression of Hyperglycemia in High-Fat/Ethanol Diet-Induced Rats.
A high-fat diet decreases GABA concentration in the frontal cortex and hippocampus of rats.
Increased susceptibility to metabolic dysregulation in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease is associated with impaired hypothalamic insulin signaling and elevated BCAA levels.
High-fat diet increases O-GlcNAc levels in cerebral arteries: a link to vascular dysfunction associated with hyperlipidaemia/obesity?
Triglyceride Glucose-Body Mass Index Is a Simple and Clinically Useful Surrogate Marker for Insulin Resistance in Nondiabetic Individuals.
[Effects and HPA Axis Related Mechanism of Kaixin-San and Danggui-Shaoyao-San on Glucose and Lipid Metabolism in Chronic Stress Rats with High-fat Diet].
Dietary patterns of obese and normal-weight women of reproductive age in urban slum areas in Central Jakarta.
A randomized trial of high-dairy-protein, variable-carbohydrate diets and exercise on body composition in adults with obesity.
Short chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency and short-term high-fat diet perturb mitochondrial energy metabolism and transcriptional control of lipid-handling in liver.
[NUTRITIONAL STATUS IN THE EXPERIMENT WITH 105-DAY ISOLATION AS THE FIRST PHASE OF PROJECT MARS-500].
Trends in food consumption and nutrient intake in Germany between 2006 and 2012: results of the German National Nutrition Monitoring (NEMONIT).
MicroRNA-29a induces insulin resistance by targeting PPARδ in skeletal muscle cells.
Preparation methods prior to PET/CT scanning that decrease uptake of 18F-FDG by myocardium, brown adipose tissue, and skeletal muscle.
Dietary saturated fatty acid and polyunsaturated fatty acid oppositely affect hepatic NOD-like receptor protein 3 inflammasome through regulating nuclear factor-kappa B activation.
Weight restoration on a high carbohydrate refeeding diet promotes rapid weight regain and hepatic lipid accumulation in female anorexic rats.
Coconut water alters maternal high fat diet induced changes in hormones and pup morphometry of Wistar rats.
Pharmacological Inhibition of Monoacylglycerol O-Acyltransferase 2 Improves Hyperlipidemia, Obesity, and Diabetes by Change in Intestinal Fat Utilization.
Apple-Derived Pectin Modulates Gut Microbiota, Improves Gut Barrier Function, and Attenuates Metabolic Endotoxemia in Rats with Diet-Induced Obesity.
Transcriptomic and metabolic analyses reveal salvage pathways in creatine-deficient AGAT(-/-) mice.
Parkinsonia aculeata (Caesalpineaceae) improves high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance in mice through the enhancement of insulin signaling and mitochondrial biogenesis.
Dietary fibre as an important constituent of the diet.
Dietary glycemic index and glycemic load and their relationship to cardiovascular risk factors in Chinese children.
Maternal oral administration of osteocalcin protects offspring from metabolic impairment in adulthood.
Cystathionine γ lyase-hydrogen sulfide increases peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ activity by sulfhydration at C139 site thereby promoting glucose uptake and lipid storage in adipocytes.
Chronic subordination stress selectively downregulates the insulin signaling pathway in liver and skeletal muscle but not in adipose tissue of male mice.
Central Insulin Action Activates Kupffer Cells by Suppressing Hepatic Vagal Activation via the Nicotinic Alpha 7 Acetylcholine Receptor.
Fibroblast Growth Factor 21 Mediates Glycemic Regulation by Hepatic JNK.
Mechanisms of echinochrome potency in modulating diabetic complications in liver.
Salidroside-regulated lipid metabolism with down-regulation of miR-370 in type 2 diabetic mice.
A pilot study of gestational diabetes mellitus not controlled by diet alone: First-line medical treatment with myoinositol may limit the need for insulin.
Protein intake during training sessions has no effect on performance and recovery during a strenuous training camp for elite cyclists.
Dietary Intake of Lutein and Diabetic Retinopathy in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study (ARIC).
Deletion of the Toll-Like Receptor 5 Gene Per Se Does Not Determine the Gut Microbiome Profile That Induces Metabolic Syndrome: Environment Trumps Genotype.
Intake of high-fructose corn syrup sweetened soft drinks, fruit drinks and apple juice is associated with prevalent arthritis in US adults, aged 20-30 years.
miR-155 Deletion in Female Mice Prevents Diet-Induced Obesity.
Heat Production and Energy Efficiency of Broilers Infected With Necrotic Enteritis.
Impaired function of the intestinal barrier in a novel sub-health rat model.
Inulin and Fibersol-2 Combined Have Hypolipidemic Effects on High Cholesterol Diet-Induced Hyperlipidemia in Hamsters.
Pregnancy-Associated Hypertension in Glucose-Intolerant Pregnancy and Subsequent Metabolic Syndrome.
Dietary intake alters gene expression in colon tissue: possible underlying mechanism for the influence of diet on disease.
Day to day variability in fat oxidation and the effect after only 1 day of change in diet composition.
Combination with Red ginseng and Polygoni Multiflori ameliorates highfructose diet induced metabolic syndrome.
Castration influences intestinal microflora and induces abdominal obesity in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Glucosinolate Desulfation by the Phloem-Feeding Insect Bemisia tabaci.
Assessing comorbidity and correlates of wasting and stunting among children in Somalia using cross-sectional household surveys: 2007 to 2010.
Fermentable Carbohydrates Differentially Affect Colon Tumor Formation in Azoxymethane-Induced Male Fischer 344 Rats.
Effects of Metformin on Tissue Oxidative and Dicarbonyl Stress in Transgenic Spontaneously Hypertensive Rats Expressing Human C-Reactive Protein.
Factors that Affect Pancreatic Islet Cell Autophagy in Adult Rats: Evaluation of a Calorie-Restricted Diet and a High-Fat Diet.
The influence of a high-fat meal on fat taste thresholds.
Validity of a food frequency questionnaire in a population with high alcohol consumption in Japan.
Safety Evaluation of Neo Transgenic Pigs by Studying Changes in Gut Microbiota Using High-Throughput Sequencing Technology.
Imbalanced insulin action in chronic over nutrition: Clinical harm, molecular mechanisms, and a way forward.
Effect of dietary macronutrient proportion on intermediate metabolism and oxidative status in sturgeon (Acipenser naccarii) and trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss): comparative study.
In vitro influence of dietary protein and fructooligosaccharides on metabolism of canine fecal microbiota.
Effect of energy and protein levels on nutrient utilization and their requirements in growing Murrah buffaloes.
Protective effects of pomegranate peel against hematotoxicity, chromosomal aberrations, and genotoxicity induced by barium chloride in adult rats.
CMKLR1 deficiency influences glucose tolerance and thermogenesis in mice on high fat diet.
Neandertals' large lower thorax may represent adaptation to high protein diet.
Hydroxycitric acid ameliorates high-fructose-induced redox imbalance and activation of stress sensitive kinases in male Wistar rats.
N-acetylcysteine decreases binge eating in a rodent model.
Reprogramming of hepatic fat accumulation and 'browning' of adipose tissue by the short-chain fatty acid acetate.
Loss of circadian rhythm of circulating insulin concentration induced by high-fat diet intake is associated with disrupted rhythmic expression of circadian clock genes in the liver.
DMC (2',4'-dihydroxy-6'-methoxy-3',5'-dimethylchalcone) improves glucose tolerance as a potent AMPK activator.
Chronic Angiotensin-(1-7) Improves Insulin Sensitivity in High-Fat Fed Mice Independent of Blood Pressure.
Hepatic oleate regulates liver stress response partially through PGC-1α during high-carbohydrate feeding.
FODMAPs alter symptoms and the metabolome of patients with IBS: a randomised controlled trial.
Ipragliflozin Improves Hepatic Steatosis in Obese Mice and Liver Dysfunction in Type 2 Diabetic Patients Irrespective of Body Weight Reduction.
Genetic Evidence for Causal Relationships Between Maternal Obesity-Related Traits and Birth Weight.
Anti-Diabetic Activities of Gastrodia elata Blume Water Extracts Are Mediated Mainly by Potentiating Glucose-Stimulated Insulin Secretion and Increasing β-Cell Mass in Non-Obese Type 2 Diabetic Animals.
Postprandial changes in cardiometabolic disease risk in young Chinese men following isocaloric high or low protein diets, stratified by either high or low meal frequency - a randomized controlled crossover trial.
Maternal obesity alters endoplasmic reticulum homeostasis in offspring pancreas.
Impaired glucose tolerance after brief heat exposure: a randomized crossover study in healthy young men.
Physical activity, dietary vitamin C, and metabolic syndrome in the Korean adults: the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2008 to 2012.
Instigation of NLRP3 inflammasome activation and glomerular injury in mice on the high fat diet: role of acid sphingomyelinase gene.
The Predictive Effects of Early Pregnancy Lipid Profiles and Fasting Glucose on the Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Stratified by Body Mass Index.
Hyperlipidemia, Disease Associations, and Top 10 Potential Drug Targets: A Network View.
Association of glucose homeostasis measures with heart rate variability among Hispanic/Latino adults without diabetes: the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos (HCHS/SOL).
Metabolite Regulation of Nuclear Localization of Carbohydrate-response Element-binding Protein (ChREBP): ROLE OF AMP AS AN ALLOSTERIC INHIBITOR.
Altered Skeletal Muscle Fatty Acid Handling in Subjects with Impaired Glucose Tolerance as Compared to Impaired Fasting Glucose.
Therapeutic effect of Pleurotus eryngii cellulose on experimental fatty liver in rats.
Sitagliptin/Metformin Versus Insulin Glargine Combined With Metformin in Obese Subjects With Newly Diagnosed Type 2 Diabetes.
Effects of a Follow-On Formula Containing Isomaltulose (Palatinose™) on Metabolic Response, Acceptance, Tolerance and Safety in Infants: A Randomized-Controlled Trial.
Early pregnancy fasting plasma glucose and lipid concentrations in pregnancy and association to offspring size: a retrospective cohort study.
Insulin receptor activation in the nucleus accumbens reflects nutritive value of a recently ingested meal.
Protection of tauroursodeoxycholic acid on high glucose-induced human retinal microvascular endothelial cells dysfunction and streptozotocin-induced diabetic retinopathy rats.
Whole-body fat oxidation increases more by prior exercise than overnight fasting in elite endurance athletes.
Evaluation of a low-carbohydrate diet-based preparation protocol without fasting for cardiac PET/MR imaging.
Non-pharmacological medical treatment in pediatric epilepsies.
Haemodynamic instability of uncommon aetiology in Switzerland.
Effects of dry period length and dietary energy source on milk yield, energy balance, and metabolic status of dairy cows over 2 consecutive years: Effects in the second year.
Chromium propionate supplementation during the peripartum period interacts with starch source fed postpartum: Production responses during the immediate postpartum and carryover periods.
Effect of Glycine on Adipocyte Hypertrophy in a Metabolic Syndrome Rat Model.
Improvement of cardiac dysfunction by bilateral surgical renal denervation in animals with diabetes induced by high fructose and high fat diet.
Rapid Elevation in CMPF May Act As a Tipping Point in Diabetes Development.
Effect of increased protein intake on renal acid load and renal hemodynamic responses.
Efficacy and Safety of Canagliflozin in Individuals Aged 75 and Older with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Pooled Analysis.
Effects of a behavioral and health literacy intervention to reduce sugar-sweetened beverages: a randomized-controlled trial.
Differing effects of high-fat or high-carbohydrate meals on food hedonics in overweight and obese individuals.
Lactobacillus sakei OK67 ameliorates high-fat diet-induced blood glucose intolerance and obesity in mice by inhibiting gut microbiota lipopolysaccharide production and inducing colon tight junction protein expression.
Long-term ketogenic diet contributes to glycemic control but promotes lipid accumulation and hepatic steatosis in type 2 diabetic mice.
Opuntia ficus-indica seed attenuates hepatic steatosis and promotes M2 macrophage polarization in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Added sugars and risk factors for obesity, diabetes and heart disease.
Physiological handling of dietary fructose-containing sugars: implications for health.
Fermentable oligosaccharide, disaccharide, monosaccharide and polyol content of foods commonly consumed by ethnic minority groups in the United Kingdom.
Alterations to mTORC1 signaling in the skeletal muscle differentially affect whole-body metabolism.
Glycemic responses to maize flour stiff porridges prepared using local recipes in Malawi.
Long-term effects of very low-carbohydrate and high-carbohydrate weight-loss diets on psychological health in obese adults with type 2 diabetes: randomized controlled trial.
Imaging Mass Spectrometry Reveals Acyl-Chain- and Region-Specific Sphingolipid Metabolism in the Kidneys of Sphingomyelin Synthase 2-Deficient Mice.
Macronutrient Distribution and Dietary Sources in the Spanish Population: Findings from the ANIBES Study.
High Risk of Metabolic and Adipose Tissue Dysfunctions in Adult Male Progeny, Due to Prenatal and Adulthood Malnutrition Induced by Fructose Rich Diet.
Anti-obesity potential of enzymatic fragments of hyaluronan on high-fat diet-induced obesity in C57BL/6 mice.
Milk sphingomyelin improves lipid metabolism and alters gut microbiota in high fat diet-fed mice.
Early intake of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids preserves brain structure and function in diet-induced obesity.
Oleic acid, hydroxytyrosol and n-3 fatty acids collectively modulate colitis through reduction of oxidative stress and IL-8 synthesis; in vitro and in vivo studies.
Effects of oat bran and nutrition counseling on the lipid and glucose profile and anthropometric parameters of hypercholesterolemia patients
Dietary Lipid and Carbohydrate Interactions: Implications on Lipid and Glucose Absorption, Transport in Gilthead Sea Bream (Sparus aurata) Juveniles.
Fructose Containing Sugars at Normal Levels of Consumption Do Not Effect Adversely Components of the Metabolic Syndrome and Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Disease.
Transgenerational programming of longevity and reproduction by post-eclosion dietary manipulation in Drosophila.
Resistant dextrin, as a prebiotic, improves insulin resistance and inflammation in women with type 2 diabetes: a randomised controlled clinical trial.
Periodontal disease and percentage of calories from fat using national data.
Dietary fat may modulate adipose tissue homeostasis through the processes of autophagy and apoptosis.
Improving cardiovascular health in Spanish seafarers.
Obesity-prone high-fat-fed rats reduce caloric intake and adiposity and gain more fat-free mass when allowed to self-select protein from carbohydrate:fat intake.
A nutrient mixture inhibits glioblastoma xenograft U-87 MG growth in male nude mice.
Biological Activity and Antidiabetic Potential of C-Terminal Octapeptide Fragments of the Gut-Derived Hormone Xenin.
Effect of postpartum propylene glycol allocation to over-conditioned Holstein cows on concentrations of milk metabolites.
p53-upregulated-modulator-of-apoptosis (PUMA) deficiency affects food intake but does not impact on body weight or glucose homeostasis in diet-induced obesity.
Heterozygous caveolin-3 mice show increased susceptibility to palmitate-induced insulin resistance.
Relationships between plasma leptin levels, leptin G2548A, leptin receptor Gln223Arg polymorphisms and gestational diabetes mellitus in Chinese population.
Prebiotics and age, but not probiotics affect the transformation of 2-amino-3-methyl-3H-imidazo[4,5-f]quinoline (IQ) by fecal microbiota - An in vitro study.
Studies on the Antidiabetic and Antinephritic Activities of Paecilomyces hepiali Water Extract in Diet-Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Sprague Dawley Rats.
Evaluation of genetic diversity among strains of the human gut commensal Bifidobacterium adolescentis.
Dietary phytic acid prevents fatty liver by reducing expression of hepatic lipogenic enzymes and modulates gut microflora in rats fed a high-sucrose diet.
Effects of n-3 pufas on fasting plasma glucose and insulin resistance in patients with impaired fasting glucose or impaired glucose tolerance.
Critical evaluation of food intake and energy balance in young modern pentathlon athletes: a cross-sectional study.
Expression profiling analysis: Uncoupling protein 2 deficiency improves hepatic glucose, lipid profiles and insulin sensitivity in high-fat diet-fed mice by modulating expression of genes in peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor signaling pathway.
Different Serum Free Fatty Acid Profiles in NAFLD Subjects and Healthy Controls after Oral Fat Load.
Relationship of the Chemokine, CXCL12, to Effects of Dietary Fat on Feeding-Related Behaviors and Hypothalamic Neuropeptide Systems.
Long-Term Fructose Intake Increases Adipogenic Potential: Evidence of Direct Effects of Fructose on Adipocyte Precursor Cells.
Fresh Fruit Consumption and Major Cardiovascular Disease in China.
Proline Absorption and SGK1 Expression are Inhibited in Intestinal Tis7 Transgenic Mice.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress and renal lesion in mice with combination of high-fat diet and streptozotocin-induced diabetes.
[Gestational diabetes mellitus].
[Nutrition for diabetic patients].
An unfortunate challenge: Ketogenic diet for the treatment of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome in tyrosinemia type 1.
Relatively Low β-Cell Responsiveness Contributes to the Association of BMI with Circulating Glucose Concentrations Measured under Free-Living Conditions among Pregnant African American Women.
Impact of Dietary Lipids on Colonic Function and Microbiota: An Experimental Approach Involving Orlistat-Induced Fat Malabsorption in Human Volunteers.
Prevention Effects and Possible Molecular Mechanism of Mulberry Leaf Extract and its Formulation on Rats with Insulin-Insensitivity.
Hyper-Variability in Circulating Insulin, High Fat Feeding Outcomes, and Effects of Reducing Ins2 Dosage in Male Ins1-Null Mice in a Specific Pathogen-Free Facility.
Aging Increases Susceptibility to High Fat Diet-Induced Metabolic Syndrome in C57BL/6 Mice: Improvement in Glycemic and Lipid Profile after Antioxidant Therapy.
The Prevalence and Associated Factors of Periodontitis According to Fasting Plasma Glucose in the Korean Adults: The 2012-2013 Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Anti-Obesity and Hypoglycemic Effects of Poncirus trifoliata L. Extracts in High-Fat Diet C57BL/6 Mice.
Alternate-Day High-Fat Diet Induces an Increase in Mitochondrial Enzyme Activities and Protein Content in Rat Skeletal Muscle.
Tocotrienols and Whey Protein Isolates Substantially Increase Exercise Endurance Capacity in Diet -Induced Obese Male Sprague-Dawley Rats.
Sphingosine-1-phosphate Phosphatase 2 Regulates Pancreatic Islet β-Cell Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress and Proliferation.
Hydrolyzed fish proteins modulates both inflammatory and antioxidant gene expression as well as protein expression in a co culture model of liver and head kidney cells isolated from Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar).
Dietary glycemic factors, insulin resistance, and adiponectin levels in acne vulgaris.
Trans-11 vaccenic acid improves insulin secretion in models of type 2 diabetes in vivo and in vitro.
Glucose-independent renoprotective mechanisms of the tissue dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor, saxagliptin, in Dahl salt-sensitive hypertensive rats.
The Effects of Dietary Iron and Capsaicin on Hemoglobin, Blood Glucose, Insulin Tolerance, Cholesterol, and Triglycerides, in Healthy and Diabetic Wistar Rats.
Metabolic response to an inflammatory challenge in pigs divergently selected for residual feed intake.
The Impact of a Low Glycemic Index Diet on Inflammatory Markers and Serum Adiponectin Concentration in Adolescent Overweight and Obese Girls: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Novel Mutations in the CPT1A Gene Identified in the Patient Presenting Jaundice as the First Manifestation of Carnitine Palmitoyltransferase 1A Deficiency.
Dietary Fructose Activates Insulin Signaling and Inflammation in Adipose Tissue: Modulatory Role of Resveratrol.
Berberine alleviates the cerebrovascular contractility in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats through modulation of intracellular Ca²⁺ handling in smooth muscle cells.
Effects of transcutaneous electrical stimulation of lower limb muscles on experimental fatty liver.
Glucoregulatory, endocrine and morphological effects of [P5K]hymenochirin-1B in mice with diet-induced glucose intolerance and insulin resistance.
Lithium Promotes Longevity through GSK3/NRF2-Dependent Hormesis.
Changes of Mouse Gut Microbiota Diversity and Composition by Modulating Dietary Protein and Carbohydrate Contents: A Pilot Study.
Black Adzuki Bean (Vigna angularis) Extract Protects Pancreatic β Cells and Improves Glucose Tolerance in C57BL/6J Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Programming Effects of Prenatal Glucocorticoid Exposure with a Postnatal High-Fat Diet in Diabetes Mellitus.
Associations between Macronutrient Intake and Obstructive Sleep Apnoea as Well as Self-Reported Sleep Symptoms: Results from a Cohort of Community Dwelling Australian Men.
[Effect of Astragali Radix in improving early renal damage in metabolic syndrome rats through ACE2/Mas pathway].
Direct measurement of Bisphenol A (BPA), BPA glucuronide and BPA sulfate in a diverse and low-income population of pregnant women reveals high exposure, with potential implications for previous exposure estimates: a cross-sectional study.
Intermittent exercise improves the vasoreactivity of the thoracic aorta in rats.
The Hypolipidemic Effect of Total Saponins from Kuding Tea in High-Fat Diet-Induced Hyperlipidemic Mice and Its Composition Characterized by UPLC-QTOF-MS/MS.
Adipose tissue transcriptional response of lipid metabolism genes in growing Iberian pigs fed oleic acid v. carbohydrate enriched diets.
Development of a Drinkable, Peanut-Based Dietary Supplement and Comparison of Its Nutritional and Microbiological Qualities with Commercial Products.
Salidroside alleviates oxidative stress in the liver with non- alcoholic steatohepatitis in rats.
Relative contribution of ruminal buffering systems to pH regulation in feedlot cattle fed either low- or high-forage diets.
miR-378 Activates the Pyruvate-PEP Futile Cycle and Enhances Lipolysis to Ameliorate Obesity in Mice.
[Regulatory Effect of Qushi Huayu Recipe on Gene Expression Profiles of Fatty Liver Rats].
Electroacupuncture Improves Insulin Resistance by Reducing Neuroprotein Y/Agouti-Related Protein Levels and Inhibiting Expression of Protein Tyrosine Phosphatase 1B in Diet-induced Obese Rats.
Effects of Electroacupuncture on Pro-/Anti-inflammatory Adipokines in Serum and Adipose Tissue in Lean and Diet-induced Obese Rats.
[Observation of oral Streptococcus oligofermentans colonization in rats].
Characterization and hypoglycemic activity of a β-pyran polysaccharides from bamboo shoot (Leleba oldhami Nakal) shells.
Targeting specific interstitial glycemic parameters with high-intensity interval exercise and fasted-state exercise in type 2 diabetes.
Metabolic dysregulation in first-episode schizophrenia patients with respect to genetic variation in one-carbon metabolism.
Extracts of Coreopsis tinctoria Nutt. Flower Exhibit Antidiabetic Effects via the Inhibition of α-Glucosidase Activity.
Hypoglycemic activity of 6-bromoembelin and vilangin in high-fat diet fed-streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetic rats and molecular docking studies.
Effect of high-fructose and high-fat diets on pulmonary sensitivity, motor activity, and body composition of brown Norway rats exposed to ozone.
[Assessment of a nutrition education intervention among construction workers].
Effects of crocin and voluntary exercise, alone or combined, on heart VEGF-A and HOMA-IR of HFD/STZ induced type 2 diabetic rats.
Consumer exposures to anthocyanins from colour additives, colouring foodstuffs and from natural occurrence in foods.
Beneficial Effects of Sarpogrelate and Rosuvastatin in High Fat Diet/Streptozotocin-Induced Nephropathy in Mice.
Adipose tissue mTORC2 regulates ChREBP-driven de novo lipogenesis and hepatic glucose metabolism.
Follow-up of patients with functional bowel symptoms treated with a low FODMAP diet.
Overexpression of p53 Improves Blood Glucose Control in an Insulin Resistant Diabetic Mouse Model.
The improvement of large High-Density Lipoprotein (HDL) particle levels, and presumably HDL metabolism, depend on effects of low-carbohydrate diet and weight loss.
Maternal high-calorie diet is associated with altered hepatic microRNA expression and impaired metabolic health in offspring at weaning age.
Diabetes Care in Malaysia: Problems, New Models, and Solutions.
Rheum palmatum L. Attenuates High Fat Diet-Induced Hepatosteatosis by Activating AMP-Activated Protein Kinase.
Hypothalamus proteomics from mouse models with obesity and anorexia reveals therapeutic targets of appetite regulation.
Environmental Enrichment Mitigates Detrimental Cognitive Effects of Ketogenic Diet in Weanling Rats.
The role of endogenous cardiotonic steroids in pathogenesis of cardiovascular and renal complications of arterial hypertension.
[Constipation in infants and children: How should it be treated?].
Characterization of growth and exopolysaccharide production of selected acetic acid bacteria in buckwheat sourdoughs.
Diet and Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
Selenium in Cattle: A Review.
The Association between Sweet Taste Function, Anthropometry, and Dietary Intake in Adults.
Asiatic acid attenuates renin-angiotensin system activation and improves vascular function in high-carbohydrate, high-fat diet fed rats.
Grape seed proanthocyanidin extracts prevent hyperglycemia-induced monocyte adhesion to aortic endothelial cells and ameliorates vascular inflammation in high-carbohydrate/high-fat diet and streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Pharmacokinetic Studies of Cysteamine Bitartrate Delayed-Release.
Effect of the oral iron chelator deferiprone in diabetic nephropathy rats.
Deep-fried oil consumption in rats impairs glycerolipid metabolism, gut histology and microbiota structure.
Sitagliptin inhibits endothelin-1 expression in the aortic endothelium of rats with streptozotocin-induced diabetes by suppressing the nuclear factor-κB/IκBα system through the activation of AMP-activated protein kinase.
Antibiotic perturbation of the murine gut microbiome enhances the adiposity, insulin resistance, and liver disease associated with high-fat diet.
Anti-Müllerian Hormone and Inhibin-A, but not Inhibin-B or Insulin-Like Peptide-3, may be Used as Surrogates in the Diagnosis of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome in Adolescents: Preliminary Results.
Effect of Dietary Starch Source and Concentration on Equine Fecal Microbiota.
Glycyrrhizic acid prevents high calorie diet-induced metabolic aberrations despite the suppression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ expression.
Relationship Between Breast Density and Selective Estrogen-Receptor Modulators, Aromatase Inhibitors, Physical Activity, and Diet: A Systematic Review.
Myeloid-Cell-Derived VEGF Maintains Brain Glucose Uptake and Limits Cognitive Impairment in Obesity.
Muscle glycogen utilisation during Rugby match play: Effects of pre-game carbohydrate.
Antilipidemic effects and gene expression profiling of the glycosaminoglycans from cricket in rats on a high fat diet.
Different intensities of glycaemic control for pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes.
Fiber in Diet Is Associated with Improvement of Glycated Hemoglobin and Lipid Profile in Mexican Patients with Type 2 Diabetes.
Nutritional Adequacy and Diet Quality in Colorectal Cancer Patients Postsurgery: A Pilot Study.
INSECTICIDAL ACTIVITY OF PROTEIN EXTRACTS OBTAINED FROM BULBS OF CHILEAN AMARYLLIDACEAE AGAINST TRIALEURODES VAPORARIORUM WESTWOOD AND PSEUDOCOCCUS VIBURNI SIGNORET.
Effect of high dietary fat content on heat production and lipid and protein deposition in growing immunocastrated male pigs.
Metabolic adaptation and reticuloruminal pH in periparturient dairy cows experiencing different lipolysis early postpartum.
Leptin, insulin and body composition changes during adjuvant taxane based chemotherapy in patients with breast cancer, preliminary study.
Characterization of the role of sphingomyelin synthase 2 in glucose metabolism in whole-body and peripheral tissues in mice.
Clinical effects of high-fat meals and weight gain due to high-fat feeding.
Carbohydrate quantity and quality and cardio-metabolic risk.
Chemical composition of selected seaweeds from the Indian Ocean, KwaZulu-Natal coast, South Africa.
Thoughts on Obesity and Brain Glucose.
Ant mediated redistribution of a xyloglucanase enzyme in fungus gardens of Acromyrmex echinatior.
Intake of a Western diet containing cod instead of pork alters fatty acid composition in tissue phospholipids and attenuates obesity and hepatic lipid accumulation in mice.
The insulin-signaling pathway of the pancreatic islet is impaired in adult mice offspring of mothers fed a high-fat diet.
Added sugar intake that exceeds current recommendations is associated with nutrient dilution in older Australians.
Dietary sweet cherry anthocyanins attenuates diet-induced hepatic steatosis by improving hepatic lipid metabolism in mice.
Anti-Tumor Effects of Ketogenic Diets in Mice: A Meta-Analysis.
Macronutrient Balance and Dietary Glycemic Index in Pregnancy Predict Neonatal Body Composition.
Dietary composition affects the development of cognitive deficits in WT and Tg AD model mice.
Obesity and tumor growth: inflammation, immunity, and the role of a ketogenic diet.
Dietary Macronutrients and Sleep.
Association of morning fasting blood glucose variability with insulin antibodies and clinical factors in type 1 diabetes.
Effects of pectin supplementation on the fermentation patterns of different structural carbohydrates in rats.
[Miraculous low carbohydrate or carbophobic diets: evidence-based nursing perspective].
Effects of Inulin Supplementation in Low- or High-Fat Diets on Reproductive Performance of Sows and Antioxidant Defence Capacity in Sows and Offspring.
Maternal exposure to high-fat and high-fructose diet evokes hypoadiponectinemia and kidney injury in rat offspring.
Dietary and physical activity of adult patients with type 2 diabetes in Zhejiang province of eastern China: Data from a cross-sectional study.
The nutritive value of condensed wheat distillers solubles for cattle.
[Roles of MicroRNA-21 in the Pathogenesis of Insulin Resistance and Diabetic Mellitus-induced Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease].
[THE ETIOLOGY AND PATHOGENESIS OF SUCCESSIVE MAKING TEST ON HYPERTRIGLYCERIDEMIA, HYPERCHOLESTEROLEMIIA AND HYPOGLYCEMIA. THE COMMON CHARACTER OF ETIOLOGIC FACTORS OF METABOLIC PANDEMIC AND COMPENSATORY ROLE OF APOC-111].
The Effects of Breakfast Consumption and Composition on Metabolic Wellness with a Focus on Carbohydrate Metabolism.
Effects of α-Thalassemia on HbA<sub>1c</sub> Measurement.
[The therapeutic effects of dietary krill oil (Euphausia superba) supplementation on oxidative stress and DNA damages markers in cafeteria diet-overfed rats].
The Nutrient-Dependent O-GlcNAc Modification Controls the Expression of Liver Fatty Acid Synthase.
Skeletal muscle IL-6 and regulation of liver metabolism during high-fat diet and exercise training.
The unexpected truth about dates and hypoglycemia.
Effects of metformin and sitagliptin on glycolipid metabolism in type 2 diabetic rats on different diets.
Combined effect of astaxanthin and squalene on oxidative stress in vivo.
BTG1 ameliorates liver steatosis by decreasing stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 (SCD1) abundance and altering hepatic lipid metabolism.
Fiber content of diet affects exhaled breath volatiles in fasting and postprandial state in a pilot crossover study.
Alkylglycerols reduce serum complement and plasma vascular endothelial growth factor in obese individuals.
Grape powder attenuates the negative effects of GLP-1 receptor antagonism by exendin-3 (9-39) in a normoglycemic mouse model.
Adherence to the DASH and Mediterranean diets is associated with decreased risk for gestational diabetes mellitus.
Diet and Macronutrient Optimization in Wild Ursids: A Comparison of Grizzly Bears with Sympatric and Allopatric Black Bears.
Chia Seed Shows Good Protein Quality, Hypoglycemic Effect and Improves the Lipid Profile and Liver and Intestinal Morphology of Wistar Rats.
Creatine ingestion augments dietary carbohydrate mediated muscle glycogen supercompensation during the initial 24 h of recovery following prolonged exhaustive exercise in humans.
A PUFA-rich diet improves fat oxidation following saturated fat-rich meal.
Greater diet quality is associated with more optimal glycemic control in a longitudinal study of youth with type 1 diabetes.
Preventive effects of citrulline on Western diet-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in rats.
What Political Framework Is Necessary to Reduce Malnutrition? A Civil Society Perspective.
Effects of pectin on fermentation characteristics, carbohydrate utilization, and microbial community composition in the gastrointestinal tract of weaning pigs.
Impact of high-fat, low-carbohydrate diet on myocardial substrate oxidation, insulin sensitivity, and cardiac function after ischemia-reperfusion.
Lycium barbarum Polysaccharide Mediated the Antidiabetic and Antinephritic Effects in Diet-Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Sprague Dawley Rats via Regulation of NF-κB.
Early Low-Fat Diet Enriched With Linolenic Acid Reduces Liver Endocannabinoid Tone and Improves Late Glycemic Control After a High-Fat Diet Challenge in Mice.
Evaluation of changes in serum chemistry in association with feed withdrawal or high dose oral gavage with dextran sodium sulfate- (DSS-) induced gut leakage in broiler chickens.
Dietary acrylamide intake during pregnancy and anthropometry at birth in the French EDEN mother-child cohort study.
Pathophysiology of metabolic syndrome: The onset of natural recovery on withdrawal of a high-carbohydrate, high-fat diet.
Gemfibrozil not fenofibrate decreases systemic glucose level via PPARα.
Beta vulgaris subspecies cicla var. flavescens (Swiss chard): flavonoids, hepatoprotective and hypolipidemic activities.
Calorie-induced ER stress suppresses uroguanylin satiety signaling in diet-induced obesity.
Influence of glycemic index and glycemic load of the diet on the risk of overweight and adiposity in childhood.
Role of intrahepatic B cells in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease by secreting pro-inflammatory cytokines and regulating intrahepatic T cells.
Effect of high fibre diets formulated with different fibrous ingredients on performance, nutrient digestibility and faecal microbiota of weaned piglets.
Germinated brown rice ameliorates obesity in high-fat diet induced obese rats.
Steatotic livers are susceptible to normothermic ischemia-reperfusion injury from mitochondrial Complex-I dysfunction.
Serum amyloid A1 levels and amyloid deposition following a high-fat diet challenge in transgenic mice overexpressing hepatic serum amyloid A1.
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF CLINICAL ENDOCRINOLOGISTS AND AMERICAN COLLEGE OF ENDOCRINOLOGY COMPREHENSIVE CLINICAL PRACTICE GUIDELINES FOR MEDICAL CARE OF PATIENTS WITH OBESITY.
[Influence of tert-butylhydroquinone on the islets function and expression of HO-1 and VEGF in retina of type 2 diabetic rats].
Effect of feeding tamarind kernel powder extract residue on digestibility, nitrogen availability and ruminal fermentation in wethers.
Associations between body fat distribution, insulin resistance and dyslipidaemia in black and white South African women.
Protective Effect of Guggulipid in High Fat Diet and Middle Cerebral Artery Occlusion (MCAO) Induced Ischemic Cerebral Injury in Rats.
Fuel for the work required: a practical approach to amalgamating train-low paradigms for endurance athletes.
Rg1 Attenuates alcoholic hepatic damage through regulating AMP-activated protein kinase and nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 signal pathways.
Segmental extracellular and intracellular water distribution and muscle glycogen after 72-h carbohydrate loading using spectroscopic techniques.
Higher Dietary Energy Density is Associated with Stunting but not Overweight and Obesity in a Sample of Urban Malaysian Children.
Polyunsaturated fats, carbohydrates and carotid disease: The Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Carotid MRI study.
Low vitamin K1 intake in haemodialysis patients.
Nutrient intake and cerebral metabolism in healthy middle-aged adults: Implications for cognitive aging.
Circulating levels of perfluoroalkyl substances are associated with dietary patterns - A cross sectional study in elderly Swedish men and women.
Higher insulin sensitivity in EDL muscle of rats fed a low-protein, high-carbohydrate diet inhibits the caspase-3 and ubiquitin-proteasome proteolytic systems but does not increase protein synthesis.
Effects of telmisartan and pioglitazone on high fructose induced metabolic syndrome in rats.
Glycaemic control in type 1 diabetes mellitus among children and adolescents in a resource limited setting in Dar es Salaam - Tanzania.
Effects of dietary carbohydrate on hepatic de novo lipogenesis in European seabass (Dicentrarchus labrax L.).
Antioxidant and Hypolipidemic Activity of the Hydroethanolic Extract of Curatella americana L. Leaves.
Development of a Representative Mouse Model with Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis.
Effects of Sublethal Concentrations of Cyantraniliprole on the Development, Fecundity and Nutritional Physiology of the Black Cutworm Agrotis ipsilon (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae).
Diet Drives the Collective Migrations and Affects the Immunity of Mormon Crickets and Locusts: A Comparison of These Potential Superspreaders of Disease.
An Accessible and Pragmatic Experimental Model of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Oxidative Inactivation of Liver Mitochondria in High Fructose Diet-Induced Metabolic Syndrome in Rats: Effect of Glycyrrhizin Treatment.
Nutrition in Pediatric Inflammatory Bowel Disease: From Etiology to Treatment. A Systematic Review.
Juniperus rigida Sieb. extract inhibits inflammatory responses via attenuation of TRIF-dependent signaling and inflammasome activation.
The inhibiting effect of the Coptis chinensis polysaccharide on the type II diabetic mice.
Protective effect of aqueous seed extract of Vitis Vinifera against oxidative stress, inflammation and apoptosis in the pancreas of adult male rats with diabetes mellitus.
Western-style diet, sex steroids and metabolism.
Study of retinal alterations in a high fat diet-induced type ii diabetes rodent: Meriones shawi.
Production of mycelial biomass by the Amazonian edible mushroom Pleurotus albidus.
The triglyceride to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (TG/HDL-C) ratio as a predictor of insulin resistance but not of β cell function in a Chinese population with different glucose tolerance status.
Sodium butyrate reduces insulin-resistance, fat accumulation and dyslipidemia in type-2 diabetic rat: A comparative study with metformin.
Comparison of Intradialytic Parenteral Nutrition with Glucose or Amino Acid Mixtures in Maintenance Hemodialysis Patients.
Anticancer and Immunomodulatory Effects of Lactobacillus plantarum LS/07, Inulin and Melatonin in NMU-induced Rat Model of Breast Cancer.
Antidiabetic and Antinephritic Activities of Aqueous Extract of Cordyceps militaris Fruit Body in Diet-Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Sprague Dawley Rats.
Effects of Long-Term Alpha-mangostin Supplementation on Hyperglycemia and Insulin Resistance in Type 2 Diabetic Rats Induced by High Fat Diet and Low Dose Streptozotocin.
Patient preparation for cardiac fluorine-18 fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography imaging of inflammation.
Impact of macronutrient composition and palatability in wet diets on food selection in cats.
Acetate mediates a microbiome-brain-β-cell axis to promote metabolic syndrome.
Associations of ChREBP and Global DNA Methylation with Genetic and Environmental Factors in Chinese Healthy Adults.
Soluble Corn Fiber Increases Calcium Absorption Associated with Shifts in the Gut Microbiome: A Randomized Dose-Response Trial in Free-Living Pubertal Females.
High wholegrain barley β-glucan lowers food intake but does not alter small intestinal macronutrient digestibility in ileorectostomised rats.
Obesity development in neuron-specific lipoprotein lipase deficient mice is not responsive to increased dietary fat content or change in fat composition.
Drosophila females trade off good nutrition with high-quality oviposition sites when choosing foods.
High-intensity interval training (swimming) significantly improves the adverse metabolism and comorbidities in diet-induced obese mice.
Gut microbiota are linked to increased susceptibility to hepatic steatosis in low-aerobic-capacity rats fed an acute high-fat diet.
The Effect of a High-Protein Diet and Exercise on Cardiac AQP7 and GLUT4 Gene Expression.
Dietary carbohydrate composition is associated with polycystic ovary syndrome: a case-control study.
Resistant starch reduces colonic and urinary p-cresol in rats fed a tyrosine-supplemented diet, whereas konjac mannan does not.
Pharmacological profiles of gemigliptin (LC15-0444), a novel dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor, in vitro and in vivo.
Apoptosis induced by a low-carbohydrate and high-protein diet in rat livers.
CREBH-FGF21 axis improves hepatic steatosis by suppressing adipose tissue lipolysis.
The effects of the combination of egg and fiber on appetite, glycemic response and food intake in normal weight adults - a randomized, controlled, crossover trial.
Genotoxicity and subchronic toxicity evaluation of dried Euglena gracilis ATCC PTA-123017.
Association of impaired fasting glucose, diabetes and dietary patterns with mortality: a 10-year follow-up cohort in Eastern China.
Effect of Carrageenan on Physicochemical and Functional Properties of Low-Fat Colby Cheese.
Deletion of Nrf2 leads to hepatic insulin resistance via the activation of NF-κB in mice fed a high-fat diet.
The fed-batch principle for the molecular biology lab: controlled nutrient diets in ready-made media improve production of recombinant proteins in Escherichia coli.
Short Exposure to a High-Sucrose Diet and the First 'Hit' of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Mice.
[Effect of polydatin on miR-214 expression and liver function in ApoE-/- mice].
Low-carbohydrate diet combined with SGLT2 inhibitor for refractory hyperglycemia caused by insulin antibodies.
Fermented Red Ginseng Potentiates Improvement of Metabolic Dysfunction in Metabolic Syndrome Rat Models.
Dietary Recommendations for Cyclists during Altitude Training.
Mass Spectrometry Imaging Reveals Elevated Glomerular ATP/AMP in Diabetes/obesity and Identifies Sphingomyelin as a Possible Mediator.
Positive correlation between serum IGF-1 and HDL-C in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Effect of Compound Zhajin Granule on Toll-like Receptor 4 Signaling Pathway in Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis Mice].
Controversies about sugars consumption: state of the science.
D-Galactose Causes Motor Coordination Impairment, and Histological and Biochemical Changes in the Cerebellum of Rats.
The efficacy of the ketogenic diet on motor functions in Parkinson's disease: A rat model.
Reliability and relative validity of a food frequency questionnaire for Italian adults living in Sicily, Southern Italy.
[Poor metabolic control in primary care].
Pressor recovery after acute stress is impaired in high fructose-fed Lean Zucker rats.
Resource limitation and responses to rivals in males of the fruit fly Drosophila melanogaster.
Amino Acid and Biogenic Amine Profile Deviations in an Oral Glucose Tolerance Test: A Comparison between Healthy and Hyperlipidaemia Individuals Based on Targeted Metabolomics.
In vitro effects of sodium bicarbonate buffer on rumen fermentation, levels of lipopolysaccharide and biogenic amine, and composition of rumen microbiota.
Ketoprofen and antinociception in hypo-oestrogenic Wistar rats fed on a high sucrose diet.
Combined treatment with vitamin C and sulindac synergistically induces p53- and ROS-dependent apoptosis in human colon cancer cells.
Athletes: Fit but Unhealthy?
Age- and sex-related changes in fasting plasma glucose and lipoprotein in cynomolgus monkeys.
Low insulin-like growth factor 1 is associated with low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and metabolic syndrome in Chinese nondiabetic obese children and adolescents: a cross-sectional study.
Structural characterization and hypolipidemic effect of Cyclocarya paliurus polysaccharide in rat.
Hepato- and gastro- protective activity of purified oat 1-3, 1-4-β-d-glucans of different molecular weight.
Endogenous and dietary lipids influencing feed intake and energy metabolism of periparturient dairy cows.
Decreased Consumption of Branched-Chain Amino Acids Improves Metabolic Health.
Potential fat-lowering and prebiotic effects of enzymatically treated okara in high-cholesterol-fed Wistar rats.
Supplementation with antioxidant-rich extra virgin olive oil prevents hepatic oxidative stress and reduction of desaturation capacity in mice fed a high-fat diet: Effects on fatty acid composition in liver and extrahepatic tissues.
Beneficial effects of voglibose administration on body weight and lipid metabolism via gastrointestinal bile acid modification.
Physiological responses of carp (Cyprinus carpio L.) to dietary exposure to zearalenone (ZEN).
Rumen-derived lipopolysaccharide enhances the expression of lingual antimicrobial peptide in mammary glands of dairy cows fed a high-concentrate diet.
Antioxidant, antilipidemic and antidiabetic effects of ficusin with their effects on GLUT4 translocation and PPARγ expression in type 2 diabetic rats.
Lifestyle Improvement through Continuous Measurements of Hemoglobin A1c Levels and Lifestyle Checks at the Community Pharmacy in Three Cases.
Chronic intermittent hypobaric hypoxia ameliorates diabetic nephropathy through enhancing HIF1 signaling in rats.
Paeoniflorin alleviates non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in rats: Involvement with the ROCK/NF-κB pathway.
Vagotomy diminishes obesity in cafeteria rats by decreasing cholinergic potentiation of insulin release.
Detection of Vulnerable Atherosclerotic Plaques in Experimental Atherosclerosis with the USPIO-Enhanced MRI.
Effects of bitter melon (Momordica charantia L.) on the gut microbiota in high fat diet and low dose streptozocin-induced rats.
Food combination based on a pre-hispanic Mexican diet decreases metabolic and cognitive abnormalities and gut microbiota dysbiosis caused by a sucrose-enriched high-fat diet in rats.
Measuring the short-term substrate utilization response to high-carbohydrate and high-fat meals in the whole-body indirect calorimeter.
Heterozygous Hfe gene deletion leads to impaired glucose homeostasis, but not liver injury in mice fed a high-calorie diet.
Role of Diet in Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
Nutritional strategies to optimise cognitive function in the aging brain.
Middle Iron-Enriched Fructose Diet on Gestational Diabetes Risk and on Oxidative Stress in Offspring Rats.
Insulin Therapy Improves Adeno-Associated Virus Transduction of Liver and Skeletal Muscle in Mice and Cultured Cells.
[Down-regulation of p38 MAPK and collagen by 1, 25-(OH)2-VD3 in rat models of diabetic nephropathy].
Construction of local gene network for revealing different liver function of rats fed deep-fried oil with or without resistant starch.
An evaluation of the accuracy and precision of methane prediction equations for beef cattle fed high-forage and high-grain diets.
The anti-diabetic activity of oat β-d-glucan in streptozotocin-nicotinamide induced diabetic mice.
Effects of thirty and sixty minutes of moderate-intensity aerobic exercise on postprandial lipemia and inflammation in overweight men: a randomized cross-over study.
n-3 Fatty acids modulate the mRNA expression of the Nlrp3 inflammasome and Mtor in the liver of rats fed with high-fat or high-fat/fructose diets.
Animal Model of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus with Pathophysiological Resemblance to the Human Condition Induced by Multiple Factors (Nutritional, Pharmacological, and Stress) in Rats.
Seven days of high carbohydrate ingestion does not attenuate post-exercise IL-6 and hepcidin levels.
The effect of the macronutrient composition of breakfast on satiety and cognitive function in undergraduate students.
Early Microbe Contact and Obesity Risk: Evidence Of Causality?
CT-based texture analysis potentially provides prognostic information complementary to interim fdg-pet for patients with hodgkin's and aggressive non-hodgkin's lymphomas.
Evaluation of a high nutritional quality snack based on oat flakes and inulin: effects on postprandial glucose, insulin and ghrelin responses of healthy subjects.
Ameliorative effects of α-lipoic acid on high-fat diet-induced oxidative stress and glucose uptake impairment of T cells.
Effects of the Polysaccharide from the Sporophyll of Brown Alga Undaria Pinnatifida on Serum Lipid Profile and Fat Tissue Accumulation in Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Energy expenditure and body composition changes after an isocaloric ketogenic diet in overweight and obese men.
The protein source determines the potential of high protein diets to attenuate obesity development in C57BL/6J mice.
Protective effects of marein on high glucose-induced glucose metabolic disorder in HepG2 cells.
Ketogenic Diet, but Not Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Diet, Reduces Spontaneous Seizures in Juvenile Rats with Kainic Acid-induced Epilepsy.
A comparison of food pattern, macro- and some micronutrients density of the diet across different socio-economic zones of Tehran.
Molecular, Biochemical, and Dietary Regulation Features of α-Amylase in a Carnivorous Crustacean, the Spiny Lobster Panulirus argus.
Effect of glycemic index and carbohydrate intake on kidney function in healthy adults.
Effects of dietary oxidized konjac glucomannan sulfates (OKGMS) and acidolysis-oxidized konjac glucomannan (A-OKGM) on the immunity and expression of immune-related genes of Schizothorax prenanti.
[Prevention of Alzheimer's Disease and Nutrients].
Dietary Patterns and Their Socioeconomic and Behavioral Determinants in 6- to 8-Year-Old Portuguese Children.
Lactobacillus fermentum CRL1446 Ameliorates Oxidative and Metabolic Parameters by Increasing Intestinal Feruloyl Esterase Activity and Modulating Microbiota in Caloric-Restricted Mice.
Effects of extended-release niacin/laropiprant on correlations between apolipoprotein B, LDL-cholesterol and non-HDL-cholesterol in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Randomized double blind clinical trial on the effect of oral α-cyclodextrin on serum lipids.
The impact of maternal- and neonatal-associated factors on human milk's macronutrients and energy.
Relationships of Dietary Histidine and Obesity in Northern Chinese Adults, an Internet-Based Cross-Sectional Study.
Effects of mannan level and β-mannanase supplementation on growth performance, apparent total tract digestibility and blood metabolites of growing pigs.
[INFLUENCE OF MEDICINAL PLANT EXTRACTS ON THE FUNCTIONS AND ANTIOXIDANT PROTECTION OF ERYTHROCYTES IN RATS WITH EXPERIMENTAL DIABETES MELLITUS].
Sugars, obesity, and cardiovascular disease: results from recent randomized control trials.
Bioequivalence and food effect of heat-stressed and non-heat-stressed dapagliflozin 2.5- and 10-mg tablets.
Niemann-Pick Type C2 Protein Mediates Hepatic Stellate Cells Activation by Regulating Free Cholesterol Accumulation.
Sedentary Lifestyle and High-Carbohydrate Intake are Associated with Low-Grade Chronic Inflammation in Post-Menopause: A Cross-sectional Study.
Dietary Intake Is Related to Multifactor Cardiovascular Risk Score in Obese Boys.
Resistin mediates tomato and broccoli extract effects on glucose homeostasis in high fat diet-induced obesity in rats.
Ketone Bodies and Exercise Performance: The Next Magic Bullet or Merely Hype?
Nimesulide, a cyclooxygenase-2 selective inhibitor, suppresses obesity-related non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and hepatic insulin resistance through the regulation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ.
Nutritional influences of overfeeding on experimental outcomes in laboratory mice: consequences for gut microbiota and other functional studies.
Genotype-dependent Metabolic Responses to Semi-Purified High-Sucrose High-Fat Diets in the TALLYHO/Jng vs. C57BL/6 Mouse during the Development of Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes.
Interaction of an S100A9 gene variant with saturated fat and carbohydrates to modulate insulin resistance in 3 populations of different ancestries.
FKBP51 Null Mice Are Resistant to Diet-Induced Obesity and the PPARγ Agonist Rosiglitazone.
Dietary fructose intake in obese children and adolescents: relation to procollagen type III N-terminal peptide (P3NP) and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
The effects of n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation on AGEs and sRAGE in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Pseudogene PTENP1 Functions as a Competing Endogenous RNA (ceRNA) to Regulate PTEN Expression by Sponging miR-499-5p.
Hypertension Due to Toxic White Crystals in the Diet: Should We Blame Salt or Sugar?
Combination of Sitagliptin and Insulin against Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus with Neuropathy in Rats: Neuroprotection and Role of Oxidative and Inflammation Stress.
Dual Effect of Rosuvastatin on Glucose Homeostasis Through Improved Insulin Sensitivity and Reduced Insulin Secretion.
The ghrelin and leptin responses to short-term starvation vs a carbohydrate-free diet in men with type 2 diabetes; a controlled, cross-over design study.
Short-term high-fat diet alters postprandial glucose metabolism and circulating vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 in healthy males.
Using Multicountry Ecological and Observational Studies to Determine Dietary Risk Factors for Alzheimer's Disease.
Barley Sprouts Extract Attenuates Alcoholic Fatty Liver Injury in Mice by Reducing Inflammatory Response.
The effects of organic chromium on adipose anatomical parts, using pig as experimental model.
[Using a multicomponent functional food in IBS patients with constipation a comparative controlled study].
Red pitaya juice supplementation ameliorates energy balance homeostasis by modulating obesity-related genes in high-carbohydrate, high-fat diet-induced metabolic syndrome rats.
The positive association of branched-chain amino acids and metabolic dyslipidemia in Chinese Han population.
Metabolic Effects of Monounsaturated Fatty Acid-Enriched Diets Compared With Carbohydrate or Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid-Enriched Diets in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Prorenin/renin receptor blockade promotes a healthy fat distribution in obese mice.
Arterial Stiffening in Western Diet-Fed Mice Is Associated with Increased Vascular Elastin, Transforming Growth Factor-β, and Plasma Neuraminidase.
Evidence-based practice use of quick-release bromocriptine across the natural history of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Response of broiler chickens to different levels of calcium, non-phytate phosphorus and phytase.
[Survey and analysis of the intakes of energy and macronutrients in rural boarding school students].
The association between the intake of specific dietary components and lifestyle factors and microscopic colitis.
Inverse association between carbohydrate consumption and plasma adropin concentrations in humans.
Zerumbone, a Phytochemical of Subtropical Ginger, Protects against Hyperglycemia-Induced Retinal Damage in Experimental Diabetic Rats.
High Vitamin C Intake with High Serum β-Cryptoxanthin Associated with Lower Risk for Osteoporosis in Post-Menopausal Japanese Female Subjects: Mikkabi Cohort Study.
Protective Effect of Dietary Lily Bulb on Dextran Sulfate Sodium-Induced Colitis in Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Obesity and Intestinal Tumorigenesis in Adult Min/+ Mice from Early-life High-fat Diet Exposure Were Not Inherited Transgenerationally.
Fructose overfeeding in first-degree relatives of type 2 diabetic patients impacts energy metabolism and mitochondrial functions in skeletal muscle.
Bauhinia variegata (Caesalpiniaceae) leaf extract: An effective treatment option in type I and type II diabetes.
Secoisolariciresinol diglucoside rich extract of L. usitatissimum prevents diabetic colon cancer through inhibition of CDK4.
[Establishment and evaluation of a mouse model of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis-related hepatocellular carcinoma].
Carbohydrate-enriched diet predispose to anxiety and depression-like behavior after stress in mice.
Dietary glucose stimulus at larval stage modifies the carbohydrate metabolic pathway in gilthead seabream (Sparus aurata) juveniles: An in vivo approach using (14)C-starch.
Combined effect of divergent selection for breast muscle ultimate pH and dietary amino acids on chicken performance, physical activity and meat quality.
Physical activity, nutritional status, and dietary habits of students of a medical university.
Glucose- or insulin resistance-mediated β-cell replication: PKCζ integrates the proliferative signaling.
Beneficial effects of combined resveratrol and metformin therapy in treating diet-induced insulin resistance.
Lipid-Induced Insulin Resistance in Skeletal Muscle: The Chase for the Culprit Goes from Total Intramuscular Fat to Lipid Intermediates, and Finally to Species of Lipid Intermediates.
Mediterranean diet and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: molecular mechanisms of protection.
Heme-Regulated eIF2α Kinase Modulates Hepatic FGF21 and Is Activated by PPARβ/δ Deficiency.
Design, synthesis and biological evaluation of novel cholesteryl ester transfer protein inhibitors bearing a cycloalkene scaffold.
[Characteristics of Nutrition in Competitive Sports, Ranging from Leisure Activities to High-Performance Athletics].
Agavins Increase Neurotrophic Factors and Decrease Oxidative Stress in the Brains of High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Is Vitamin C Supplementation in Patients with β-Thalassemia Major Beneficial or Detrimental?
Generalized Anxiety Disorder and Hypoglycemia Symptoms Improved with Diet Modification.
Integrative analysis of metabolome and gut microbiota in diet-induced hyperlipidemic rats treated with berberine compounds.
Acute blood glucose fluctuation enhances rat aorta endothelial cell apoptosis, oxidative stress and pro-inflammatory cytokine expression in vivo.
The Role of Pulses in the Dietary Management of Diabetes.
Mineralocorticoid Receptor Blockade Improves Insulin Sensitivity in the Rat Heart and a Possible Molecular Mechanism.
Anti-obesity effects of boiled tuna extract in mice with obesity induced by a high-fat diet.
Low carbohydrate diet-based intervention for obstructive sleep apnea and primary hypothyroidism in an obese Japanese man.
Dietary Fats and Oils in India.
Classical Galactosaemia and CDG, the N-Glycosylation Interface. A Review.
Association of Intestinal Microbiota with Metabolic Markers and Dietary Habits in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes.
Characterization of the Bread Made with Durum Wheat Semolina Rendered Gluten Free by Sourdough Biotechnology in Comparison with Commercial Gluten-Free Products.
Antidiabetic assessment; in vivo study of gold and core-shell silver-gold nanoparticles on streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Food avoidance in athletes: FODMAP foods on the list.
Subjective mood and energy levels of healthy weight and overweight/obese healthy adults on high-and low-glycemic load experimental diets.
The Impact of Macronutrients on Retinal Microvasculature among Singapore Pregnant Women during the Mid-Late Gestation.
Terrestrial carbohydrates support freshwater zooplankton during phytoplankton deficiency.
Sugar-Sweetened Beverages Are the Main Sources of Added Sugar Intake in the Mexican Population.
[Not Available].
Principles of Nutrition in Patients with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome in Iranian Traditional Medicine and Comparison with Modern Medicine.
The Effectiveness of Different Diet Strategies to Reduce Type 2 Diabetes Risk in Youth.
Accuracy of Continuous Glucose Monitoring (CGM) during Continuous and High-Intensity Interval Exercise in Patients with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.
The Role of Macronutrient Content in the Diet for Weight Management.
Effect of pathological conditions on peritoneal macrophage glycosaminoglycans: Impact on cytoadherence.
BMP4 Cross-talks With Estrogen/ERα Signaling to Regulate Adiposity and Glucose Metabolism in Females.
Yield and composition of pectin extracted from Tunisian pomegranate peel.
Maternal nutrition, inadequate gestational weight gain and birth weight: results from a prospective birth cohort.
Novel ketone diet enhances physical and cognitive performance.
Genetic modifications associated with ketogenic diet treatment in the BTBR<sup>T+Tf/J</sup> mouse model of autism spectrum disorder.
High phenolics Rutgers Scarlet Lettuce improves glucose metabolism in high fat diet-induced obese mice.
Polyphenols from hawthorn peels and fleshes differently mitigate dyslipidemia, inflammation and oxidative stress in association with modulation of liver injury in high fructose diet-fed mice.
Inulin-Type Oligosaccharides Extracted from Yacon Produce Antidepressant-Like Effects in Behavioral Models of Depression.
Long-Term Consumption of High-Fat Diet in Rats: Effects on Microglial and Astrocytic Morphology and Neuronal Nitric Oxide Synthase Expression.
Effects of dietary exposure to herbicide and of the nutritive quality of contaminated food on the reproductive output of Daphnia magna.
Leucine supplementation at the onset of high-fat feeding does not prevent weight gain or improve glycemic regulation in male Sprague-Dawley rats.
Assessment of glycemic load and intake of carbohydrates in the diet of Wroclaw Medical University students (Poland).
Molecular cloning, expression and functional characterization of tumor necrosis factor (TNF) receptor-associated factor (TRAF)-interacting protein (TRIP) in grass carp, Ctenopharyngodon idella.
Dietary choice for a balanced nutrient intake increases the mean and reduces the variance in the reproductive performance of male and female cockroaches.
Theophylline-Based KMUP-1 Improves Steatohepatitis via MMP-9/IL-10 and Lipolysis via HSL/p-HSL in Obese Mice.
The Salivary IgA Flow Rate Is Increased by High Concentrations of Short-Chain Fatty Acids in the Cecum of Rats Ingesting Fructooligosaccharides.
Manipulating the sequence of food ingestion improves glycemic control in type 2 diabetic patients under free-living conditions.
Pathophysiology of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: Lifestyle-Gut-Gene Interaction.
Effects of Lactobacillus plantarum CCFM0236 on hyperglycaemia and insulin resistance in high-fat and streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetic mice.
Alterations in Diets of Patients With Nonceliac Gluten Sensitivity Compared With Healthy Individuals.
Interaction of BDNF rs6265 variants and energy and protein intake in the risk for glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes in middle-aged adults.
Ketogenic Diet and Cancer-a Perspective.
High intake of regular-fat cheese compared with reduced-fat cheese does not affect LDL cholesterol or risk markers of the metabolic syndrome: a randomized controlled trial.
High trans but not saturated fat beverage causes an acute reduction in postprandial vascular endothelial function but not arterial stiffness in humans.
Dietary Intake and Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Icelanders Following Voluntarily a Low Carbohydrate Diet.
Remodelling of the hepatic epigenetic landscape of glucose-intolerant rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) by nutritional status and dietary carbohydrates.
Gluten-free bread with an addition of freeze-dried red and purple potatoes as a source of phenolic compounds in gluten-free diet.
Beverage consumption and paediatric NAFLD.
Therapeutic effect of apple pectin in obese rats.
Relationship between thiamine and subacute ruminal acidosis induced by a high-grain diet in dairy cows.
Transgenic Adipose-specific Expression of the Nuclear Receptor RORα Drives a Striking Shift in Fat Distribution and Impairs Glycemic Control.
Adherence to a Mediterranean-Style Diet and Its Influence on Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Postmenopausal Women.
Nutritional Cues Tie Living Organisms to Their Environment and Its Sustainability.
Lipoprotein(a) and vitamin C impair development of breast cancer tumors in Lp(a)+; Gulo-/- mice.
Dietary Patterns are Associated with Helicobacter Pylori Infection in Chinese Adults: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Angiopoietin-like protein 4 improves glucose tolerance and insulin resistance but induces liver steatosis in high-fat-diet mice.
Low-protein diet induces, whereas high-protein diet reduces hepatic FGF21 production in mice, but glucose and not amino acids up-regulate FGF21 in cultured hepatocytes.
The mechanism of Lactobacillus strains for their ability to remove fumonisins B1 and B2.
High-Fat Diet Induces Oxidative Stress and MPK2 and HSP83 Gene Expression in Drosophila melanogaster.
Macronutrient Intake-Associated FGF21 Genotype Modifies Effects of Weight-Loss Diets on 2-Year Changes of Central Adiposity and Body Composition: The POUNDS Lost Trial.
Sirtuin 1 and 7 mediate resveratrol-induced recovery from hyper-anxiety in high-fructose-fed prediabetic rats.
Dietary carbohydrate intake, insulin resistance and gastro-oesophageal reflux disease: a pilot study in European- and African-American obese women.
Autologous subcutaneous adipose tissue transplants improve adipose tissue metabolism and reduce insulin resistance and fatty liver in diet-induced obesity rats.
Effects of Chronic Consumption of Sugar-Enriched Diets on Brain Metabolism and Insulin Sensitivity in Adult Yucatan Minipigs.
Long-Term Effects of a Randomised Controlled Trial Comparing High Protein or High Carbohydrate Weight Loss Diets on Testosterone, SHBG, Erectile and Urinary Function in Overweight and Obese Men.
Conjugated linoleic acid improves glycemic response, lipid profile, and oxidative stress in obese patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomized controlled clinical trial.
Proteomic profiling reveals oxidative phosphorylation pathway is suppressed in longissimus dorsi muscle of weaned piglets fed low-protein diet supplemented with limiting amino acids.
Triglycerides to High-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol Ratio Can Predict Impaired Glucose Tolerance in Young Women with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome.
From intravenous to enteral ketogenic diet in PICU: A potential treatment strategy for refractory status epilepticus.
Nutritional status of patients with phenylketonuria in Japan.
Green tea extract and catechol-O-methyltransferase genotype modify the post-prandial serum insulin response in a randomised trial of overweight and obese post-menopausal women.
Adding glucose to food and solutions to enhance fructose absorption is not effective in preventing fructose-induced functional gastrointestinal symptoms: randomised controlled trials in patients with fructose malabsorption.
Camel milk ameliorates hyperglycaemia and oxidative damage in type-1 diabetic experimental rats.
Weight loss following diet-induced obesity does not alter colon tumorigenesis in the AOM mouse model.
HDAC5 Inhibits Hepatic Lipogenic Genes Expression by Attenuating the Transcriptional Activity of Liver X Receptor.
Glucocorticoid Antagonism Reduces Insulin Resistance and Associated Lipid Abnormalities in High-Fructose-Fed Mice.
Physiological and Pathogenic Roles of Prolyl Isomerase Pin1 in Metabolic Regulations via Multiple Signal Transduction Pathway Modulations.
The Diet Quality of Competitive Adolescent Male Rugby Union Players with Energy Balance Estimated Using Different Physical Activity Coefficients.
Short- and Long-Term Effects of Wholegrain Oat Intake on Weight Management and Glucolipid Metabolism in Overweight Type-2 Diabetics: A Randomized Control Trial.
Severe spasticity in lower extremities is associated with reduced adiposity and lower fasting plasma glucose level in persons with spinal cord injury.
Impact of a western diet on the ovarian and serum metabolome.
Effects of sleeve gastrectomy with jejuno-jejunal or jejuno-ileal loop on glycolipid metabolism in diabetic rats.
Effects of different diets on intestinal microbiota and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease development.
High-fat simple carbohydrate feeding impairs central and peripheral monoamine metabolic pathway triggering the onset of metabolic syndrome in C57Bl/6J mice.
[Changes in nutritional recommendations for a healthy population and their influence on a diabetic diet].
The Independent and Joint Association of Blood Pressure, Serum Total Homocysteine, and Fasting Serum Glucose Levels With Brachial-Ankle Pulse Wave Velocity in Chinese Hypertensive Adults.
Inverse relationship between brain glucose and ketone metabolism in adults during short-term moderate dietary ketosis: A dual tracer quantitative positron emission tomography study.
Lower Plasma Levels of Antioxidant Vitamins in Patients with Metabolic Syndrome: A Case Control Study.
Obesogenic diets have deleterious effects on fat deposits irrespective of the nature of dietary carbohydrates in a Yucatan minipig model.
Improved Quantitation of Gluten in Wheat Starch for Celiac Disease Patients by Gel-Permeation High-Performance Liquid Chromatography with Fluorescence Detection (GP-HPLC-FLD).
Effects of Diet on Sleep Quality.
Characteristics of dairy cows with a greater or lower risk of subacute ruminal acidosis: Volatile fatty acid absorption, rumen digestion, and expression of genes in rumen epithelial cells.
Diet-induced obesity reduces the production of influenza vaccine-induced antibodies via impaired macrophage function.
Contemporary issues regarding nutrition in cardiovascular rehabilitation.
Modified Atkins diet induces subacute selective ragged-red-fiber lysis in mitochondrial myopathy patients.
Production of high activity Aspergillus niger BCC4525 β-mannanase in Pichia pastoris and its application for mannooligosaccharides production from biomass hydrolysis.
Renal Protective Effects of Low Molecular Weight of Inonotus obliquus Polysaccharide (LIOP) on HFD/STZ-Induced Nephropathy in Mice.
Calorie Restricted High Protein Diets Downregulate Lipogenesis and Lower Intrahepatic Triglyceride Concentrations in Male Rats.
Reduction in liver fat by dietary MUFA in type 2 diabetes is helped by enhanced hepatic fat oxidation.
Dietary Resistant Starch Supplementation Increases High-Density Lipoprotein Particle Number in Pigs Fed a Western Diet.
Ashanti pepper (Piper guineense Schumach et Thonn) attenuates carbohydrate hydrolyzing, blood pressure regulating and cholinergic enzymes in experimental type 2 diabetes rat model.
Rice bran protein hydrolysates reduce arterial stiffening, vascular remodeling and oxidative stress in rats fed a high-carbohydrate and high-fat diet.
Evaluation of feed value of a by-product of pickled radish for ruminants: analyses of nutrient composition, storage stability, and in vitro ruminal fermentation.
Acute intermittent porphyria presenting with posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome and lateralized periodic discharges plus fast activity on EEG.
A young infant with transient severe hypertriglyceridemia temporarily associated with meropenem administration: A case report and review of the literature.
Antiobesity and antihyperglycaemic effects of Adiantum capillus-veneris extracts: in vitro and in vivo evaluations.
A cost or a benefit? Counterintuitive effects of diet quality and cadmium in Lymnaea stagnalis.
Toxicology of deoxynivalenol and its acetylated and modified forms.
Restriction of FODMAP in the management of bloating in irritable bowel syndrome.
Moderate high or low maternal protein diets change gene expression but not the phenotype of skeletal muscle from porcine fetuses.
Protective and curative effects of Bacillus subtilis SPB1 biosurfactant on high-fat-high-fructose diet induced hyperlipidemia, hypertriglyceridemia and deterioration of liver function in rats.
Consumption of Dietary Resistant Starch Partially Corrected the Growth Pattern Despite Hyperglycemia and Compromised Kidney Function in Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Rats.
Relative validity of a web-based food frequency questionnaire for patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes in Denmark.
Excess Folic Acid Increases Lipid Storage, Weight Gain, and Adipose Tissue Inflammation in High Fat Diet-Fed Rats.
Oral Rehabilitation of an S-ECC Case with Orthodontic Intervention: 18 Months Follow-up.
Fructans from Agave tequilana with a Lower Degree of Polymerization Prevent Weight Gain, Hyperglycemia and Liver Steatosis in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Lower Doses of Fructose Extend Lifespan in Caenorhabditis elegans.
In vitro α-glucosidase inhibitory activity of isolated fractions from water extract of Qingzhuan dark tea.
In vitro and in vivo inhibition of aldose reductase and advanced glycation end products by phloretin, epigallocatechin 3-gallate and [6]-gingerol.
Symplocos cochinchinensis enhances insulin sensitivity via the down regulation of lipogenesis and insulin resistance in high energy diet rat model.
Carbohydrates and insulin resistance in clinical nutrition: Recommendations from the ESPEN expert group.
The relation of saturated fatty acids with low-grade inflammation and cardiovascular disease.
Effect of HFD/STZ on expression of genes involved in lipid, cholesterol and glucose metabolism in rats.
Hypolipidaemic and hypoglycaemic activities of polysaccharide from Pleurotus eryngii in Kunming mice.
Effects of low-carbohydrate diet therapy in overweight subjects with autoimmune thyroiditis: possible synergism with ChREBP.
Modulation of digestive enzyme activities in the avian digestive tract in relation to diet composition and quality.
MicroRNA-200c modulates DUSP-1 expression in diabetes-induced cardiac hypertrophy.
Effects of super-hard rice bread blended with black rice bran on amyloid β peptide production and abrupt increase in postprandial blood glucose levels in mice.
High carbohydrate diet induces nonalcoholic steato-hepatitis (NASH) in a desert gerbil.
High-fructose diet is as detrimental as high-fat diet in the induction of insulin resistance and diabetes mediated by hepatic/pancreatic endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress.
Diet and Headache: Part 2.
Ghrelin, Ghrelin O-Acyltransferase, and Carbohydrate Metabolism During Pregnancy in Calorie-Restricted Mice.
Exertional heat stroke: about 4 cases.
Soluble Fiber with High Water-Binding Capacity, Swelling Capacity, and Fermentability Reduces Food Intake by Promoting Satiety Rather Than Satiation in Rats.
Unique Features of Ethnic Mongolian Gut Microbiome revealed by metagenomic analysis.
Mediterranean meal versus Western meal effects on postprandial ox-LDL, oxidative and inflammatory gene expression in healthy subjects: a randomized controlled trial for nutrigenomic approach in cardiometabolic risk.
Comparative analysis of protective effects of curcumin, curcumin-β-cyclodextrin nanoparticle and nanoliposomal curcumin on unsymmetrical dimethyl hydrazine poisoning in mice.
Laminarin favorably modulates gut microbiota in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Bilberry: Chemical Profiling, in Vitro and in Vivo Antioxidant Activity and Nephroprotective Effect against Gentamicin Toxicity in Rats.
[Alteration mechanisms of oxidative stress at periodontal tissues of rats in a simulated periodontitis and elaborate methods of their correction].
Substantial replacement of lactose with fat in a high-lactose milk replacer diet increases liver fat accumulation but does not affect insulin sensitivity in veal calves.
Diet e ect on short- and long-term glycaemic response in adult healthy cats.
Effect of dietary macronutrients on the expression of cholecystokinin, leptin, ghrelin and neuropeptide Y in gilthead sea bream (Sparus aurata).
Diabetes management in older people: a focus on cardiovascular risk reduction.
Diagnostic value of blood tests for occult causes of initially idiopathic small-fiber polyneuropathy.
Cardiovascular metabolic risk factors and glomerular filtration rate: a rural Chinese population study.
A human model of dietary saturated fatty acid induced insulin resistance.
Effect of weekly physical activity frequency on weight loss in healthy overweight and obese women attending a weight loss program: a randomized controlled trial.
Dietary glycemic index, glycemic load, and refined carbohydrates are associated with risk of stroke: a prospective cohort study in urban Chinese women.
Effects of eight weeks of time-restricted feeding (16/8) on basal metabolism, maximal strength, body composition, inflammation, and cardiovascular risk factors in resistance-trained males.
Helicobacter pylori Infection Aggravates Diet-induced Insulin Resistance in Association With Gut Microbiota of Mice.
Nutrition in Type 2 Diabetes and the Metabolic Syndrome.
Athletes: Fit but Unhealthy?
Effects of varying dietary content of fermentable short-chain carbohydrates on symptoms, fecal microenvironment, and cytokine profiles in patients with irritable bowel syndrome.
Zinc Intake, Zinc Bioavailability and Plasma Zinc in Obese Adolescents with Clinical Insulin Resistance Following Low Energy Diets.
Effect of Wheat Flour Noodles with <i>Bombyx mori</i> Powder on Glycemic Response in Healthy Subjects.
Ketogenic diet for epilepsy treatment.
miR-138/miR-222 Overexpression Characterizes the miRNome of Amniotic Mesenchymal Stem Cells in Obesity.
Isocaloric Diets High in Animal or Plant Protein Reduce Liver Fat and Inflammation in Individuals With Type 2 Diabetes.
The Effect of a Moderately Low and High Carbohydrate Intake on Crossfit Performance.
An individual approach to feline diabetes care: a case report and literature review.
Effects of a 12-week aerobic exercise intervention on eating behaviour, food cravings, and 7-day energy intake and energy expenditure in inactive men.
Esculetin prevents non-alcoholic fatty liver in diabetic mice fed high-fat diet.
ASSOSIATION OF ENDOGENOUS CARDIOTONIC STEROIDS WITH SALT-SENSITIVITY OF BLOOD PRESSURE IN GEORGIAN POPULATION.
Age-related periodontitis and alveolar bone loss in rice rats.
Comparison of maternal isocaloric high carbohydrate and high fat diets on osteogenic and adipogenic genes expression in adolescent mice offspring.
The Influence of Weight-Loss Expectations on Weight Loss and of Weight-Loss Satisfaction on Weight Maintenance in Severe Obesity.
Nutritional Education Needs in Relation to Ramadan Fasting and Its Complications in Tehran, Iran.
Sex and seasonal differences in diet and nutrient intake in Verreaux's sifakas (Propithecus verreauxi).
High-CHO diet increases post-exercise oxygen consumption after a supramaximal exercise bout.
Relationship between body weight and the increment in serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor after oral glucose challenge in men with obesity and metabolic syndrome: A prospective study.
Effect of dietary supplementation of Padauk (Pterocarpus soyauxii) leaf on high fat diet/streptozotocin induced diabetes in rats' brain and platelets.
Metabolomics Analysis Revealed Distinct Cyclic Changes of Metabolites Altered by Chronic Ethanol-Plus-Binge and Shp Deficiency.
The Energy Content and Composition of Meals Consumed after an Overnight Fast and Their Effects on Diet Induced Thermogenesis: A Systematic Review, Meta-Analyses and Meta-Regressions.
Maternal Dietary Vitamin D Does Not Program Systemic Inflammation and Bone Health in Adult Female Mice Fed an Obesogenic Diet.
Diet as a Trigger or Therapy for Inflammatory Bowel Diseases.
Effects of crude hydroalcoholic extract of Syzygium cumini (L.) Skeels leaves and continuous aerobic training in rats with diabetes induced by a high-fat diet and low doses of streptozotocin.
Hepatic transcriptome implications for palm fruit juice deterrence of type 2 diabetes mellitus in young male Nile rats.
Low-Carbohydrate Diet Impairs the Effect of Glucagon in the Treatment of Insulin-Induced Mild Hypoglycemia: A Randomized Crossover Study.
Whole-Grain Fiber Composition Influences Site of Nutrient Digestion, Standardized Ileal Digestibility of Amino Acids, and Whole-Body Energy Utilization in Grower Pigs.
Runner's diarrhea: what is it, what causes it, and how can it be prevented?
Third Exposure to a Reduced Carbohydrate Meal Lowers Evening Postprandial Insulin and GIP Responses and HOMA-IR Estimate of Insulin Resistance.
A Clinical Trial about a Food Supplement Containing α-Lipoic Acid on Oxidative Stress Markers in Type 2 Diabetic Patients.
Liver Fatty Acid Composition and Inflammation in Mice Fed with High-Carbohydrate Diet or High-Fat Diet.
Metabolism of Toxic Sugars by Strains of the Bee Gut Symbiont Gilliamella apicola.
Metformin Reduces Lipogenesis Markers in Obese Mice Fed a Low-Carbohydrate and High-Fat Diet.
Inulin oligofructose attenuates metabolic syndrome in high-carbohydrate, high-fat diet-fed rats.
Differential Effects of Red Meat/Refined Grain Diet and Dairy/Chicken/Nuts/Whole Grain Diet on Glucose, Insulin and Triglyceride in a Randomized Crossover Study.
Effect of High-Carbohydrate Diet on Plasma Metabolome in Mice with Mitochondrial Respiratory Chain Complex III Deficiency.
Nutrition, oxidative stress and intestinal dysbiosis: Influence of diet on gut microbiota in inflammatory bowel diseases.
Effects of Activity-Based Personalized Nutrition Education on Dietary Behaviors and Blood Parameters in Middle-Aged and Older Type 2 Diabetes Korean Outpatients.
Feeding habits of marmosets: A case study of bark anatomy and chemical composition of Anadenanthera peregrina gum.
Dietary fructose-induced hepatocellular carcinoma development manifested in mice lacking apoptosis inhibitor of macrophage (AIM).
Muscle Carnosine Concentration with the Co-Ingestion of Carbohydrate with β-alanine in Male Rats.
Dietary administration of saponin stimulates growth of the swimming crab Portunus trituberculatus and enhances its resistance against Vibrio alginolyticus infection.
GAPDH-mediated posttranscriptional regulations of sodium channel Scn1a and Scn3a genes under seizure and ketogenic diet conditions.
Evaluation of Physicochemical and Glycaemic Properties of Commercial Plant-Based Milk Substitutes.
Inhibition of citrate cotransporter Slc13a5/mINDY by RNAi improves hepatic insulin sensitivity and prevents diet-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mice.
The effectiveness of physical leisure time activities on glycaemic control in adult patients with diabetes type 2: A Systematic Review.
Nutritional management of hyperapoB.
Evaluating the effects of refined carbohydrate and fat diets with acute ethanol consumption using a mouse model of alcoholic liver injury.
Monitoring for compliance with a ketogenic diet: what is the best time of day to test for urinary ketosis?
Dietary Fructose-Induced Hepatic Injury in Male and Female Rats: Influence of Resveratrol.
Consumption of ultra-processed foods predicts diet quality in Canada.
The effects on weight loss and gene expression in adipose and hepatic tissues of very-low carbohydrate and low-fat isoenergetic diets in diet-induced obese mice.
Relationship between Added Sugars Consumption and Chronic Disease Risk Factors: Current Understanding.
Associations of daily sleep duration and dietary macronutrient consumption with obesity and dyslipidemia in Koreans: A cross-sectional study.
Diets High in Fat or Fructose Differentially Modulate Bone Health and Lipid Metabolism.
Stearoyl-CoA Desaturase-1 Protects Cells against Lipotoxicity-Mediated Apoptosis in Proximal Tubular Cells.
Relevance of Morning and Evening Energy and Macronutrient Intake during Childhood for Body Composition in Early Adolescence.
A Double-Blind, Randomized Pilot Trial of Chromium Picolinate for Overweight Individuals with Binge-Eating Disorder: Effects on Glucose Regulation.
Methionine sulfoxide reductase B1 deficiency does not increase high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance in mice.
Principles of Nutrition in Patients with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome in Iranian Traditional Medicine and Comparison with Modern Medicine.
Increased diuresis, renal vascular reactivity, and blood pressure levels in young rats fed high sodium, moderately high fructose, or their association: a comparative evaluation.
Concentric and eccentric exercise, glycemic responses to a postexercise meal, and inflammation in women with high versus low waist circumference.
Metformin preconditioned adipose derived mesenchymal stem cells is a better option for the reversal of diabetes upon transplantation.
Branched Chain Amino Acids Cause Liver Injury in Obese/Diabetic Mice by Promoting Adipocyte Lipolysis and Inhibiting Hepatic Autophagy.
Remission of pre-diabetes to normal glucose tolerance in obese adults with high protein versus high carbohydrate diet: randomized control trial.
CST, an Herbal Formula, Exerts Anti-Obesity Effects through Brain-Gut-Adipose Tissue Axis Modulation in High-Fat Diet Fed Mice.
Cross-talk between muscle and bone in postmenopausal women with hypovitaminosis D.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (Nafld) in obese children- effect of refined carbohydrates in diet.
Calcium Reduces Liver Injury in Mice on a High-Fat Diet: Alterations in Microbial and Bile Acid Profiles.
Schisandra polysaccharide inhibits hepatic lipid accumulation by downregulating expression of SREBPs in NAFLD mice.
Short Sleep Duration is Associated with Eating More Carbohydrates and Less Dietary Fat in Mexican American Children.
High fat diet and exercise lead to a disrupted and pathogenic DNA methylome in mouse liver.
Inhibition of PI3K-Akt-mTOR signal pathway dismissed the stimulation of glucose on goose liver cell growth.
Alcohol and dietary factors associate with gut integrity and inflammation in HIV-infected adults.
Impact of Subnormothermic Machine Perfusion Preservation in Severely Steatotic Rat Livers: A Detailed Assessment in an Isolated Setting.
A prospective study of impaired fasting glucose and type 2 diabetes in China: The Kailuan study.
TNF and IL-18 cytokines may regulate liver fat storage under homeostasis conditions.
Effect of a post-weaning diet supplemented with functional feed additives on ileal transcriptome activity and serum cytokines in piglets challenged with lipopolysaccharide.
Association between Micronutrients Intake/Status and Carotid Intima Media Thickness: A Systematic Review.
Nutrient-dependent increased dendritic arborization of somatosensory neurons.
Impact of Acute Dietary Manipulations on DXA and BIA Body Composition Estimates.
A randomised-controlled trial of the effects of very low-carbohydrate and high-carbohydrate diets on cognitive performance in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Canagliflozin, a sodium glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor, attenuates obesity-induced inflammation in the nodose ganglion, hypothalamus, and skeletal muscle of mice.
Role of Tissue-Specific Stem and Progenitor Cells in the Regeneration of the Pancreas and Testicular Tissue in Diabetic Disorders.
Intake of individual saturated fatty acids and risk of coronary heart disease in US men and women: two prospective longitudinal cohort studies.
A review of recent evidence relating to sugars, insulin resistance and diabetes.
Aloe QDM complex enhances specific cytotoxic T lymphocyte killing in vivo in metabolic disease mice.
Sasa quelpaertensis leaf extract regulates microbial dysbiosis by modulating the composition and diversity of the microbiota in dextran sulfate sodium-induced colitis mice.
Effects of Changing the Amount and Source of Dietary Carbohydrates on Symptoms and Dietary Satisfaction Over a 1-Year Period in Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes: Canadian Trial of Carbohydrates in Diabetes (CCD).
Prevention and treatment effect of evogliptin on hepatic steatosis in high-fat-fed animal models.
Sufficient intake of high amylose cornstarch maintains high colonic hydrogen production for 24 h in rats.
A low-carbohydrate high-fat diet decreases lean mass and impairs cardiac function in pair-fed female C57BL/6J mice.
Cannabimimetic phytochemicals in the diet - an evolutionary link to food selection and metabolic stress adaptation?
Comparisons of dietary intake in Japanese with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effect of tart cherry juice on recovery and next day performance in well-trained Water Polo players.
Nutrition, insulin resistance and dysfunctional adipose tissue determine the different components of metabolic syndrome.
Expression of liver alpha-amylase in obese mouse hepatocytes.
Dietary sources of sugars in adolescents' diet: the HELENA study.
The effect of commercial conjugated linoleic acid products on experimental periodontitis and diabetes mellitus in Wistar rats.
Periodization of Carbohydrate Intake: Short-Term Effect on Performance.
Effect of sterilization and of dietary fat and carbohydrate content on food intake, activity level, and blood satiety-related hormones in female dogs.
The progression of deoxynivalenol-induced growth suppression in nursery pigs and the potential of an algae-modified montmorillonite clay to mitigate these effects.
Postprandial portal glucose and lactate fluxes, insulin production, and portal vein-drained viscera oxygen consumption in growing pigs fed a high-fiber diet supplemented with a multi-enzyme cocktail.
Tumor Metabolism, the Ketogenic Diet and β-Hydroxybutyrate: Novel Approaches to Adjuvant Brain Tumor Therapy.
Dietary fat and gut microbiota interactions determine diet-induced obesity in mice.
Impact of dietary glycemic challenge on fuel partitioning.
Efficacy and safety of canagliflozin in patients with type 2 diabetes: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Meal rich in carbohydrate, but not protein or fat, reveals adverse immunometabolic responses associated with obesity.
Inhibition of key digestive enzymes related to hyperlipidemia and protection of liver-kidney functions by Cystoseira crinita sulphated polysaccharide in high-fat diet-fed rats.
Visceral adiposity and metabolic syndrome after very high-fat and low-fat isocaloric diets: a randomized controlled trial.
Inhibiting Microglia Expansion Prevents Diet-Induced Hypothalamic and Peripheral Inflammation.
Amino Acid Composition of Protein-Enriched Dried Pasta: Is It Suitable for a Low-Carbohydrate Diet?
Evaluation of tissue metal and trace element content in a rat model of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease using ICP-DRC-MS.
Elevated Fasting Plasma Glucose before Liver Transplantation is Associated with Lower Post-Transplant Survival.
Hepatoprotective Effect of Tricholoma giganteum (Agaricomycetes) in a Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Rat Model.
α-Amyrin attenuates high fructose diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rats.
Ganoderma lucidum beta 1,3/1,6 glucan as an immunomodulator in inflammation induced by a high-cholesterol diet.
Hyperglycemic, high anion-gap metabolic acidosis in patients receiving SGLT-2 inhibitors for diabetes management.
[Prevalence of Dental Caries in Type 1 Diabetic Patients Treated with Insulin Pump].
Anti-atherosclerotic effects of pravastatin in brachiocephalic artery in comparison with en face aorta and aortic roots in ApoE/LDLR<sup>-/-</sup> mice.
The universities of Stellenbosch/Cape Town low-carbohydrate diet review: Mistake or mischief?
Adverse effects on insulin secretion of replacing saturated fat with refined carbohydrate but not with monounsaturated fat: A randomized controlled trial in centrally obese subjects.
Glycemic indices, glycemic load and glycemic response for seventeen varieties of dates grown in Saudi Arabia.
The effect of combined inositol hexakisphosphate and inositol supplement in streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetic rats.
[Composition of macronutrients in the diabetic diet].
Suppression of Myocardial 18F-FDG Uptake Through Prolonged High-Fat, High-Protein, and Very-Low-Carbohydrate Diet Before FDG-PET/CT for Evaluation of Patients With Suspected Cardiac Sarcoidosis.
Chitosan nanoparticles plus quercetin suppress the oxidative stress, modulate DNA fragmentation and gene expression in the kidney of rats fed ochratoxin A-contaminated diet.
Protein inhibitor of activated STAT 4 (PIAS4) regulates liver fibrosis through modulating SMAD3 activity.
Growth differentiation factor 15 increases following oral glucose ingestion: effect of meal composition and obesity.
Retraction: The improvement of large High-Density Lipoprotein (HDL) particle levels, and presumably HDL metabolism, depend on effects of low-carbohydrate diet and weight loss.
Effect of type and amount of dietary carbohydrate on biomarkers of glucose homeostasis and C reactive protein in overweight or obese adults: results from the OmniCarb trial.
Effect of fructose consumption on insulin sensitivity in nondiabetic subjects: a systematic review and meta-analysis of diet-intervention trials.
Rutin protects endothelial dysfunction by disturbing Nox4 and ROS-sensitive NLRP3 inflammasome.
Effects of type 2 diabetes mellitus on the pharmacokinetics of berberine in rats.
Antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and anti-septic potential of phenolic acids and flavonoid fractions isolated from Lolium multiflorum.
Hydroxytyrosol ameliorates metabolic, cardiovascular and liver changes in a rat model of diet-induced metabolic syndrome: Pharmacological and metabolism-based investigation.
Protective Effects of 2-Dodecyl-6-Methoxycyclohexa-2,5 -Diene-1,4-Dione Isolated from Averrhoa Carambola L. (Oxalidaceae) Roots on High-Fat Diet-Induced Obesity and Insulin Resistance in Mice.
The role of dietary carbohydrates in organismal aging.
Lipopolysaccharide derived from the digestive tract triggers an inflammatory response in the uterus of mid-lactating dairy cows during SARA.
Nutritional status and functional digestive histology of the carnivorous Tasmanian devil (Sarcophilus harrisii).
Colonic and Hepatic Modulation by Lipoic Acid and/or N-Acetylcysteine Supplementation in Mild Ulcerative Colitis Induced by Dextran Sodium Sulfate in Rats.
The Crucial Role of C18-Cer in Fat-Induced Skeletal Muscle Insulin Resistance.
Cannabinoid 2 Receptor Agonist Improves Systemic Sensitivity to Insulin in High-Fat Diet/Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Mice.
Imidacloprid Promotes High Fat Diet-Induced Adiposity and Insulin Resistance in Male C57BL/6J Mice.
Genetic ancestry in relation to the metabolic response to a US versus traditional Mexican diet: a randomized crossover feeding trial among women of Mexican descent.
Effects of Polar Compounds Generated from the Deep-Frying Process of Palm Oil on Lipid Metabolism and Glucose Tolerance in Kunming Mice.
Targeting metastasis-initiating cells through the fatty acid receptor CD36.
Quercetin Isolated from <i>Toona sinensis</i> Leaves Attenuates Hyperglycemia and Protects Hepatocytes in High-Carbohydrate/High-Fat Diet and Alloxan Induced Experimental Diabetic <i>Mice</i>.
Untargeted metabolomic analysis of human serum samples associated with different levels of red meat consumption: A possible indicator of type 2 diabetes?
Saponins from the roots of Platycodon grandiflorum ameliorate high fat diet-induced non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Iridoid glycoside from Cornus officinalis ameliorated diabetes mellitus-induced testicular damage in male rats: Involvement of suppression of the AGEs/RAGE/p38 MAPK signaling pathway.
Sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 inhibitor use and dietary carbohydrate intake in Japanese individuals with type 2 diabetes: A randomized, open-label, 3-arm parallel comparative, exploratory study.
Dietary Macronutrient Composition Directs ChREBP Isoform Expression and Glucose Metabolism in Mice.
Carbohydrate intake and resistance-based exercise: are current recommendations reflective of actual need?
Diets high in resistant starch increase plasma levels of trimethylamine-N-oxide, a gut microbiome metabolite associated with CVD risk.
Inhibition of the gut enzyme intestinal alkaline phosphatase may explain how aspartame promotes glucose intolerance and obesity in mice.
Exercise and Beta-Glucan Consumption (Saccharomyces cerevisiae) Improve the Metabolic Profile and Reduce the Atherogenic Index in Type 2 Diabetic Rats (HFD/STZ).
Association between Plain Water and Sugar-Sweetened Beverages and Total Energy Intake among Mexican School-Age Children.
Comparison of flax (Linum usitatissimum) and Salba-chia (Salvia hispanica L.) seeds on postprandial glycemia and satiety in healthy individuals: a randomized, controlled, crossover study.
Nutritional and microbiological quality of commercial and homemade blenderized whole food enteral diets for home-based enteral nutritional therapy in adults.
Effects of free sugars on blood pressure and lipids: a systematic review and meta-analysis of nutritional isoenergetic intervention trials.
Eatwell Guide: modelling the dietary and cost implications of incorporating new sugar and fibre guidelines.
High-Fructose Intake Impairs the Hepatic Hypolipidemic Effects of a High-Fat Fish-Oil Diet in C57BL/6 Mice.
Proposal for a breakfast quality index for brazilian population: Rationale and application in the Brazilian National Dietary Survey.
Dual effects of fructose on ChREBP and FoxO1/3α are responsible for AldoB up-regulation and vascular remodelling.
The administration of a high refined carbohydrate diet promoted an increase in pulmonary inflammation and oxidative stress in mice exposed to cigarette smoke.
Cyantraniliprole at Sublethal Dosages Negatively Affects the Development, Reproduction, and Nutrient Utilization of Ostrinia furnacalis (Lepidoptera: Crambidae).
Low carbohydrate, high fat diet impairs exercise economy and negates the performance benefit from intensified training in elite race walkers.
The LC-MS-based metabolomics of hydroxytyrosol administration in rats reveals amelioration of the metabolic syndrome.
Evaluation of Bacillus subtilis SPB1 biosurfactant effects on hyperglycemia, angiotensin I-converting enzyme (ACE) activity and kidney function in rats fed on high-fat-high-fructose diet.
Effect of lifestyle interventions on glucose regulation among adults without impaired glucose tolerance or diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Effect of Elderberry (Sambucus nigra L.) Extract Supplementation in STZ-Induced Diabetic Rats Fed with a High-Fat Diet.
To treat or not to treat drug-refractory epilepsy by the ketogenic diet? That is the question.
Within- and Trans-Generational Effects of Variation in Dietary Macronutrient Content on Life-History Traits in the Moth Plodia interpunctella.
Reproduction regulates Drosophila nutrient intake through independent effects of egg production and sex peptide: Implications for aging.
Hepatic inflammatory cytokine production can be regulated by modulating sphingomyelinase and ceramide synthase 6.
Liquiritigenin attenuates cardiac injury induced by high fructose-feeding through fibrosis and inflammation suppression.
Potassium carbonate as a cation source for early-lactation dairy cows fed high-concentrate diets.
Insulin resistance precedes glucose intolerance and hyperleptinaemia in high-fat simple carbohydrate-fed C57BL/6J mice.
A high carbohydrate diet remains the evidence based choice for elite athletes to optimise performance.
The Curves Exercise Suppresses Endotoxemia in Korean Women with Obesity.
Dietary intake, physical activity, and time management are associated with constipation in preschool children in Japan.
Parsing the life-shortening effects of dietary protein: effects of individual amino acids.
Evidence that supports the prescription of low-carbohydrate high-fat diets: a narrative review.
Chamomile (Matricaria recutita L.) decoction extract inhibits in vitro intestinal glucose absorption and attenuates high fat diet-induced lipotoxicity and oxidative stress.
Synergistic effects of acarbose and an Oroxylum indicum seed extract in streptozotocin and high-fat-diet induced prediabetic mice.
Case Report.
Influence of Energy Balance and Glycemic Index on Metabolic Endotoxemia in Healthy Men.
High-Carbohydrate/Low-Fat Diet-Induced Gender-Specific Serum Lipid Profile Changes Are Associated with LEPR Polymorphisms in Chinese Youth.
Effects of the activation of heme oxygenase-1 on hormonal and metabolic changes in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Glycemic index of some local staples in Ghana.
Effects of <i>Bacillus subtilis</i> CSL2 on the composition and functional diversity of the faecal microbiota of broiler chickens challenged with <i>Salmonella</i> Gallinarum.
Gut Microbiome of the Canadian Arctic Inuit.
Antiradical capacity and polyphenol composition of asparagus spears varieties cultivated under different sunlight conditions.
Oat raw materials and bakery products - amino acid composition and celiac immunoreactivity.
You are what you eat: diet shapes body composition, personality and behavioural stability.
Dietary adequacy of Egyptian children with autism spectrum disorder compared to healthy developing children.
Changes of thyroid hormonal status in patients receiving ketogenic diet due to intractable epilepsy.
Metabolomic profiles as reliable biomarkers of dietary composition.
Adipose-specific ablation of <i>Nrf2</i> transiently delayed high-fat diet-induced obesity by altering glucose, lipid and energy metabolism of male mice.
Lamellar events related to insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor signalling in two models relevant to endocrinopathic laminitis.
Diabetes diagnostic thresholds of the glycated hemoglobin A1c and fasting plasma glucose levels considering the 5-year incidence of retinopathy.
Amelioration of high fat diet-induced nephropathy by cilostazol and rosuvastatin.
Probiotic mixture improves fatty liver disease by virtue of its action on lipid profiles, leptin, and inflammatory biomarkers.
Modulatory effect of vanillic acid on antioxidant status in high fat diet-induced changes in diabetic hypertensive rats.
Cinnamaldehyde potentially attenuates gestational hyperglycemia in rats through modulation of PPARγ, proinflammatory cytokines and oxidative stress.
A model of type 2 diabetes in the guinea pig using sequential diet-induced glucose intolerance and streptozotocin treatment.
Impact of lifestyle intervention for obese women during pregnancy on maternal metabolic and inflammatory markers.
Ketogenic diet and other dietary intervention strategies in the treatment of cancer.
Liver alpha-amylase gene expression as an early obesity biomarker.
Effects of pre-germinated brown rice treatment high-fat diet-induced metabolic syndrome in C57BL/6J mice.
High-Saturated-Fat Diet Increases Circulating Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme, Which Is Enhanced by the rs4343 Polymorphism Defining Persons at Risk of Nutrient-Dependent Increases of Blood Pressure.
Randomised, double-blind, clinical investigation to compare orlistat 60 milligram and a customized polyglucosamine, two treatment methods for the management of overweight and obesity.
Feeding Asian pangolins: An assessment of current diets fed in institutions worldwide.
β hydroxybutyrate levels in serum and cerebrospinal fluid under ketone body metabolism in rats.
[<sup>18</sup>F]FDG Uptake in the Aortic Wall Smooth Muscle of Atherosclerotic Plaques in the Simian Atherosclerosis Model.
Molecular cloning and gene/protein expression of FAT/CD36 from grass carp (Ctenopharyngodon idella) and the regulation of its expression by dietary energy.
Sesamol ameliorates high-fat and high-fructose induced cognitive defects via improving insulin signaling disruption in the central nervous system.
Relationship of Sleep Duration and Regularity with Dietary Intake Among Preschool-Aged Children with Obesity from Low-Income Families.
Mass Spectrometry-Based Metabolomic and Lipidomic Analyses of the Effects of Dietary Platycodon grandiflorum on Liver and Serum of Obese Mice under a High-Fat Diet.
6-Paradol and 6-Shogaol, the Pungent Compounds of Ginger, Promote Glucose Utilization in Adipocytes and Myotubes, and 6-Paradol Reduces Blood Glucose in High-Fat Diet-Fed Mice.
The Challenge in Improving the Diets of Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Recipients: A Historical Commentary.
Myocardial Blood Flow and Inflammatory Cardiac Sarcoidosis.
Low glycemic index treatment for seizure control in Angelman syndrome: A case series from the Center for Dietary Therapy of Epilepsy at the Massachusetts General Hospital.
Effect of dietary macronutrients on aflatoxicosis: a mini-review.
Gold-quercetin nanoparticles prevent metabolic endotoxemia-induced kidney injury by regulating TLR4/NF-κB signaling and Nrf2 pathway in high fat diet fed mice.
Consumer Acceptability of Intramuscular Fat.
A rich medium-chain triacylglycerol diet benefits adiposity but has adverse effects on the markers of hepatic lipogenesis and beta-oxidation.
Effects of the Dietary Protein and Carbohydrate Ratio on Gut Microbiomes in Dogs of Different Body Conditions.
The Effects of Intensive Weight Reduction on Body Composition and Serum Hormones in Female Fitness Competitors.
Progranulin, a new adipokine at the crossroads of metabolic syndrome, diabetes, dyslipidemia and hypertension.
Nephroprotective and Anti-Inflammatory Effects of Pistacia atlantica Leaf Hydroethanolic Extract Against Gentamicin-Induced Nephrotoxicity in Rats.
A critical role for ChREBP-mediated FGF21 secretion in hepatic fructose metabolism.
Global IP6K1 deletion enhances temperature modulated energy expenditure which reduces carbohydrate and fat induced weight gain.
Fatty liver promotes fibrosis in monkeys consuming high fructose.
Linking Peripartal Dynamics of Ruminal Microbiota to Dietary Changes and Production Parameters.
Antidiabetic and Antioxidant Potentials of Amaranthus hybridus in Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Rats.
Response of genes involved in lipid metabolism in rat epididymal white adipose tissue to different fasting conditions after long-term fructose consumption.
Diet-Induced Obesity Enhances TRPV1-Mediated Neurovascular Reactions in the Dura Mater.
Nutritional value and antioxidant content of seed-containing and seedless eggplant fruits of two cultivars grown under protected cultivation during autumn-winter and spring-summer.
Insulin Production and Resistance in Different Models of Diet-Induced Obesity and Metabolic Syndrome.
White rice intake and incidence of type-2 diabetes: analysis of two prospective cohort studies from Iran.
Effect of high carbohydrate diet on elongase and desaturase activity and accompanying gene expression in rat's liver.
New insights into the mechanisms of the ketogenic diet.
The influence of dietary antioxidant on ovarian eggs and levels of vitamin E, C, A, astaxanthin, β-carotene and oxidative stres in tissues of Astacus leptodactylus (Eschscholtz) during reproduction.
Dietary Protein Modifies the Effect of the <i>MC4R</i> Genotype on 2-Year Changes in Appetite and Food Craving: The POUNDS Lost Trial.
Physiological, Nutritional and Performance Profiles of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Athletes.
Anthropometric cutoff values for predicting metabolic syndrome in a Saudi community: from the SAUDI-DM study.
Chronic administration of grape-seed polyphenols attenuates the development of hypertension and improves other cardiometabolic risk factors associated with the metabolic syndrome in cafeteria diet-fed rats.
Cardiovascular burden and percutaneous interventions in Russian Federation: systematic epidemiological update.
Minimal muscle damage after a marathon and no influence of beetroot juice on inflammation and recovery.
Effects of a very high saturated fat diet on LDL particles in adults with atherogenic dyslipidemia: A randomized controlled trial.
Defining risk for low reticuloruminal pH during the diet transition period in a commercial feedlot in western Canada.
Effects of high-protein intake on bone turnover in long-term bed rest in women.
Free-sugar, total-sugar, fibre, and micronutrient intake within elite youth British soccer players: a nutritional transition from schoolboy to fulltime soccer player.
Dietary soy protein improves adipose tissue dysfunction by modulating parameters related with oxidative stress in dyslipidemic insulin-resistant rats.
Marked augmentation of PLGA nanoparticle-induced metabolically beneficial impact of γ-oryzanol on fuel dyshomeostasis in genetically obese-diabetic ob/ob mice.
Effects of almond consumption on the post-lunch dip and long-term cognitive function in energy-restricted overweight and obese adults.
Effects of lifestyle interventions on clinical characteristics of patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: A meta-analysis.
The reproductive performance of female goats treated with melatonin is not improved after introduction to bucks displaying springtime sexual activity if these does are experiencing decreasing body weight/condition score.
The Obesogenic Potency of Various High-Caloric Diet Compositions in Male Rats, and Their Effects on Expression of Liver and Kidney Proteins Involved in Drug Elimination.
Differences in Gut Metabolites and Microbial Composition and Functions between Egyptian and U.S. Children Are Consistent with Their Diets.
Myoinositol ameliorates high-fat diet and streptozotocin-induced diabetes in rats through promoting insulin receptor signaling.
Protective effects of Ficus carica leaves on glucose and lipids levels, carbohydrate metabolism enzymes and β-cells in type 2 diabetic rats.
Relationships among diet, physical activity, and dual plane dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry bone outcomes in pre-pubertalgirls.
Physical activity prevents alterations in mitochondrial ultrastructure and glucometabolic parameters in a high-sugar diet model.
The efficacy of protein supplementation during recovery from muscle-damaging concurrent exercise.
The effect of hydration status on the measurement of lean tissue mass by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry.
Impact of levels of total digestible nutrients on microbiome, enzyme profile and degradation of feeds in buffalo rumen.
Dietary Fatty Acids and Changes in Blood Lipids during Adolescence: The Role of Substituting Nutrient Intakes.
UP601, a standardized botanical composition composed of Morus alba, Yerba mate and Magnolia officinalis for weight loss.
The Phytocomplex from Fucus vesiculosus and Ascophyllum nodosum Controls Postprandial Plasma Glucose Levels: An In Vitro and In Vivo Study in a Mouse Model of NASH.
Is There an Optimal Diet for Weight Management and Metabolic Health?
Contributions of the Interaction between Dietary Protein and Gut Microbiota to Intestinal Health.
Chronic supplementation with dietary proanthocyanidins protects from diet-induced intestinal alterations in obese rats.
Resistant starch lowers postprandial glucose and leptin in overweight adults consuming a moderate-to-high-fat diet: a randomized-controlled trial.
Muscle PGC-1α is required for long term systemic and local adaptations to a ketogenic diet in mice.
Nutritional adequacy of diets for adolescents with overweight and obesity: considerations for dietetic practice.
Relationship between salivary/pancreatic amylase and body mass index: a systems biology approach.
A four-day Western-style dietary intervention causes reductions in hippocampal-dependent learning and memory and interoceptive sensitivity.
Dietary fat quantity and quality modifies advanced glycation end products metabolism in patients with metabolic syndrome.
Metatranscriptomic Profiling Reveals Linkages between the Active Rumen Microbiome and Feed Efficiency in Beef Cattle.
Different types of dietary advice for women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Carbohydrate quality and quantity affects the composition of the red blood cell fatty acid membrane in overweight and obese individuals.
Apple Polysaccharide inhibits microbial dysbiosis and chronic inflammation and modulates gut permeability in HFD-fed rats.
Recruitment and Baseline Characteristics of Participants in the Lifestyle Improvement Through Food and Exercise (LIFE) Study.
Impact of a 6-week non-energy-restricted ketogenic diet on physical fitness, body composition and biochemical parameters in healthy adults.
Effects of dietary non-fiber carbohydrates on composition and function of gut microbiome in monogastrics: a review.
The Role of Carbohydrate Response Element Binding Protein in Intestinal and Hepatic Fructose Metabolism.
Berberine improves glucogenesis and lipid metabolism in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Cardiogenic shock caused by a left midventricular obstruction during refeeding in a patient with anorexia nervosa.
The histone methyltransferase Suv39h2 contributes to non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in mice.
FODMAPs: food composition, defining cutoff values and international application.
[Prostadoz opportunity for prostate cancer prevention?]
Meal frequency patterns and glycemic properties of maternal diet in relation to preterm delivery: Results from a large prospective cohort study.
HbA1c and Glycated Albumin Levels Are High in Gastrectomized Subjects with Iron-Deficiency Anemia.
Comparison of the impact of SFAs from cheese and butter on cardiometabolic risk factors: a randomized controlled trial.
Metabolic in Vivo Labeling Highlights Differences of Metabolically Active Microbes from the Mucosal Gastrointestinal Microbiome between High-Fat and Normal Chow Diet.
Midwestern Latino caregivers' knowledge, attitudes and sense making of the oral health etiology, prevention and barriers that inhibit their children's oral health: a CBPR approach.
Withania somnifera leaf alleviates cognitive dysfunction by enhancing hippocampal plasticity in high fat diet induced obesity model.
Specific bioactive compounds in ginger and apple alleviate hyperglycemia in mice with high fat diet-induced obesity via Nrf2 mediated pathway.
Diet Quality Is Lower and Energy Intake Is Higher on Weekends Compared with Weekdays in Midlife Women: A 1-Year Cohort Study.
Glyceroneogenesis in the hepatopancreas of the crab Neohelice granulata: Diet, starvation and season effects.
Inter- and Intra- observer agreement of FDG-PET/CT image interpretation in patients referred for assessment of Cardiac Sarcoidosis.
The association between serum C-reactive protein and macronutrients and antioxidants intake in hemodialysis patients.
Fats &amp; fatty acids in Indian diets: Time for serious introspection.
Diet choice patterns in rodents depend on novelty of the diet, exercise, species, and sex.
A long-lasting dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor, teneligliptin, as a preventive drug for the development of hepatic steatosis in high-fructose diet-fed ob/ob mice.
Impact of Westernized Diet on Gut Microbiota in Children on Leyte Island.
Effects of Selenium Yeast on Blood Glucose and Antioxidant Biomarkers in Cholesterol Fed Diet Induced Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Wistar Rats.
Obesity-induced diet leads to weight gain, systemic metabolic alterations, adipose tissue inflammation, hepatic steatosis, and oxidative stress in gerbils (<i>Meriones unguiculatus</i>).
Liver Regeneration Is Impaired in Mice with Acute Exposure to a Very Low Carbohydrate Diet.
Metabolic Dysfunction Underlying Autism Spectrum Disorder and Potential Treatment Approaches.
Effect of Ziziphus jujube Fruit Infusion on Lipid Profiles, Glycaemic Index and Antioxidant Status in Type 2 Diabetic Patients: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial.
Temporal Trends in Dietary Macronutrient Intakes among Adults in Rural China from 1991 to 2011: Findings from the CHNS.
Beneficial effects of lipidic extracts of saladette tomato pomace and Serenoa repens on prostate and bladder health in obese male Wistar rats.
Dietary macronutrient composition and central neuropeptide Y injection affect dietary preference and hypothalamic gene expression in chicks.
Sex differences in adolescents' glycaemic and insulinaemic responses to high and low glycaemic index breakfasts: a randomised control trial.
Sex-Dependent Effects of HO-1 Deletion from Adipocytes in Mice.
The effect of pomegranate fresh juice versus pomegranate seed powder on metabolic indices, lipid profile, inflammatory biomarkers, and the histopathology of pancreatic islets of Langerhans in streptozotocin-nicotinamide induced type 2 diabetic Sprague-Dawley rats.
Perceived impact of Nepalese food and food culture in diabetes.
Cafeteria diet and probiotic therapy: cross talk among memory, neuroplasticity, serotonin receptors and gut microbiota in the rat.
Thyrotoxic periodic paralysis: A case report.
Traditional Chinese medicine Bushen-Jianpi-Huoxue decoction prevents diabetic osteoporosis in rats via Wnt and nuclear factor-kappa B signaling pathways.
Oral health in transition: The Hadza foragers of Tanzania.
Rosa Mosqueta Oil Prevents Oxidative Stress and Inflammation through the Upregulation of PPAR-α and NRF2 in C57BL/6J Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Lipid Emulsion Added to a Liquid High-Carbohydrate Diet and Voluntary Running Exercise Reduce Lipogenesis and Ameliorate Early-Stage Hepatic Steatosis in Mice.
Weaning age influences the severity of gastrointestinal microbiome shifts in dairy calves.
Dietary Self-management in Heart Failure: High Tech or High Touch?
High-fat diet aggravates 2,2',4,4'-tetrabromodiphenyl ether-inhibited testosterone production via DAX-1 in Leydig cells in rats.
Molecular characterization of AMP-activated protein kinase α2 from herbivorous fish Megalobrama amblycephala and responsiveness to glucose loading and dietary carbohydrate levels.
Energy and macronutrient intake over the course of the day of German adults: A DEDIPAC-study.
Prospective associations between dietary patterns and high sensitivity C-reactive protein in European children: the IDEFICS study.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of dietary carbohydrate restriction in patients with type 2 diabetes.
The anti-diabetic drug exenatide, a glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist, counteracts hepatocarcinogenesis through cAMP-PKA-EGFR-STAT3 axis.
Impact of different dietary approaches on glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in patients with type 2 diabetes: a protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Nutritional parameters and carbohydrate and fat metabolism after prolonged salsolinol administration in rats fed normal or high-fat diets.
Short-term overfeeding of zebrafish with normal or high-fat diet as a model for the development of metabolically healthy versus unhealthy obesity.
Anti-Obesity Effect of Bombus ignitus Queen Glycosaminoglycans in Rats on a High-Fat Diet.
Your mitochondria are what you eat: a high-fat or a high-sucrose diet eliminates metabolic flexibility in isolated mitochondria from rat skeletal muscle.
Training the Gut for Athletes.
Periodized Nutrition for Athletes.
ATRAP Expression in Brown Adipose Tissue Does Not Influence the Development of Diet-Induced Metabolic Disorders in Mice.
Serum high C reactive protein concentrations are related to the intake of dietary macronutrients and fiber: Findings from a large representative Persian population sample.
Exposure to an acute hypoxic stimulus during early life affects the expression of glucose metabolism-related genes at first-feeding in trout.
Testing food-related inhibitory control to high- and low-calorie food stimuli: Electrophysiological responses to high-calorie food stimuli predict calorie and carbohydrate intake.
Impact of High-Carbohydrate Diet on Metabolic Parameters in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes.
Markers of dietary protein intake are associated with successful weight loss in the POUNDS Lost trial.
Antibody-Directed Glucocorticoid Targeting to CD163 in M2-type Macrophages Attenuates Fructose-Induced Liver Inflammatory Changes.
Short-term Effects of Low Carbohydrate Diet on Glycaemic Parameters and Cardiovascular Risk Markers in Patients with Type 1 Diabetes - A Randomised Open-label Cross-over Trial.
Effect of miglitol on the suppression of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis development and improvement of the gut environment in a rodent model.
Longitudinal 10-year changes in dietary intake and associations with cardio-metabolic risk factors in the Northern Sweden Health and Disease Study.
Cashew consumption reduces total and LDL cholesterol: a randomized, crossover, controlled-feeding trial.
Dietary intake and adipose tissue content of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and subsequent 5-y change in body weight and waist circumference.
Short-term impact of a classical ketogenic diet on gut microbiota in GLUT1 Deficiency Syndrome: A 3-month prospective observational study.
Australian consumers' insights into potatoes - Nutritional knowledge, perceptions and beliefs.
Short Sleep Duration Is Associated With Eating More Carbohydrates and Less Dietary Fat in Mexican American Children.
Two-dimensional gas chromatography time-of-flight mass spectrometry-based serum metabolic fingerprints of neonatal calves before and after first colostrum ingestion.
A Nutritional Perspective of Ketogenic Diet in Cancer: A Narrative Review.
Obesity induction in hamster that mimics the human clinical condition.
Independent association between socioeconomic indicators and macro- and micro-nutrient intake in Switzerland.
Differential circulating concentrations of adipokines, glucagon and adropin in a clinical population of lean, overweight and diabetic cats.
Carbohydrate Staple Food Modulates Gut Microbiota of Mongolians in China.
Energy-dense diet triggers changes in gut microbiota, reorganization of gut‑brain vagal communication and increases body fat accumulation.
The effects of feeding increasing concentrations of corn oil on energy metabolism and nutrient balance in finishing beef steers.
Postexercise Dietary Protein Ingestion Increases Whole-Body Leucine Balance in a Dose-Dependent Manner in Healthy Children.
Impact of Diet Containing Grape Pomace on Growth Performance and Blood Lipid Profile of Young Rats.
Supplementing an energy adequate, higher-protein diet with protein does not enhance fat-free mass restoration after short-term severe negative energy balance.
Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Stimulate <i>De novo</i> Lipogenesis and Improve Glucose Homeostasis during Refeeding with High Fat Diet.
Characterization of fat metabolism in the fatty liver caused by a high-fat, low-carbohydrate diet: A study under equal energy conditions.
Changes in low-density lipoprotein size phenotypes associate with changes in apolipoprotein C-III glycoforms after dietary interventions.
Legume consumption is inversely associated with type 2 diabetes incidence in adults: A prospective assessment from the PREDIMED study.
Inverse relationship between insulin receptor expression and progression in renal cell carcinoma.
The ketogenic diet metabolite beta-hydroxybutyrate (β-HB) reduces incidence of seizure-like activity (SLA) in a K<sub>atp</sub>- and GABA<sub>b</sub>-dependent manner in a whole-animal Drosophila melanogaster model.
Hydroxytyrosol prevents reduction in liver activity of Δ-5 and Δ-6 desaturases, oxidative stress, and depletion in long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid content in different tissues of high-fat diet fed mice.
The geometric framework for nutrition reveals interactions between protein and carbohydrate during larval growth in honey bees.
Fat and carbohydrate content in the diet induces drastic changes in gene expression in young Göttingen minipigs.
ATP synthase β-subunit abnormality in pancreas islets of rats with polycystic ovary syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Bile acids and colon cancer: Is FXR the solution of the conundrum?
Transcriptomic responses of the liver and adipose tissues to altered carbohydrate-fat ratio in diet: an isoenergetic study in young rats.
Lower glycemic load meals reduce diurnal glycemic oscillations in women with risk factors for gestational diabetes.
A Study of salt and fat Consumption pattern in Regional Indian diet among hypertensive and dyslipidemic PaTients - SCRIPT study.
Low Glycemic Index Prototype Isomaltulose-Update of Clinical Trials.
Altered glucose metabolism and hypoxic response in alloxan-induced diabetic atherosclerosis in rabbits.
Effect of Dietary Purified Xanthohumol from Hop (Humulus lupulus L.) Pomace on Adipose Tissue Mass, Fasting Blood Glucose Level, and Lipid Metabolism in KK-Ay Mice.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus unawareness, prevalence, trends and risk factors: National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 1999-2010.
Nutritional management in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: A review study.
Metabolic profile in two physically active Inuit groups consuming either a western or a traditional Inuit diet.
Fatty acids linked to cardiovascular mortality are associated with risk factors.
Differential Effect of Sucrose and Fructose in Combination with a High Fat Diet on Intestinal Microbiota and Kidney Oxidative Stress.
Diet and liver apoptosis in rats: a particular metabolic pathway.
Ketogenic diet attenuates hepatopathy in mouse model of respiratory chain complex III deficiency caused by a Bcs1l mutation.
Physicochemical Characteristics of the Seed and Seed Oil of the Potentially Medicinal Plant Ziziphus oenoplia.
