Citrin Deficiency
Carnitine Palmitoyltransferase II Deficiency
Medium-Chain Acyl-Coenzyme A Dehydrogenase Deficiency
Phenylalanine Hydroxylase Deficiency
Carnitine Palmitoyltransferase 1A Deficiency
Phosphoribosylpyrophosphate Synthetase Superactivity
Very Long-Chain Acyl-Coenzyme A Dehydrogenase Deficiency
Familial Hypercholesterolemia
Association of mitochondrial dysfunction with oxidative stress and immune suppression in Blunt Snout Bream Megalobrama amblycephala fed a high-fat diet.
Red yeast rice and coenzyme Q10 as safe alternatives to surmount atorvastatin-induced myopathy in hyperlipidemic rats.
Analysis of energy expenditure in diet-induced obese rats.
[Dietary risk patterns for non-communicable chronic diseases and their association with body fat - a systematic review].
[Factors associated with the consumption of high-fat foods among adults in a Southern Brazilian city].
Diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance spur tumor growth and cancer cachexia in rats bearing the Yoshida sarcoma.
Evaluation of antihyperlipidemic potency of a polyherbomineral formulation (AF-LIP) in experimental animal models.
Nuts in the prevention and treatment of metabolic syndrome.
Long-term associations of nut consumption with body weight and obesity.
Duodenal-jejunal bypass surgery suppresses hepatic de novo lipogenesis and alleviates liver fat accumulation in a diabetic rat model.
The anti-inflammatory impact of omega-3 polyunsaturated Fatty acids during the establishment of endometriosis-like lesions.
Food intake and energy expenditure are increased in high-fat-sensitive but not in high-carbohydrate-sensitive obesity-prone rats.
Increasing protein intake modulates lipid metabolism in healthy young men and women consuming a high-fat hypercaloric diet.
Upregulation of hepatic VLDLR via PPARα is required for the triglyceride-lowering effect of fenofibrate.
Novel Indole-N-glucoside, TA-1887 As a Sodium Glucose Cotransporter 2 Inhibitor for Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes.
Acute sterol o-acyltransferase 2 (SOAT2) knockdown rapidly mobilizes hepatic cholesterol for fecal excretion.
Case study: Natural bodybuilding contest preparation.
Adult offspring of high-fat diet-fed dams can have normal glucose tolerance and body composition.
Co-administration of paroxetine and pravastatin causes deregulation of glucose homeostasis in diabetic rats via enhanced paroxetine exposure.
Fatty acid synthase methylation levels in adipose tissue: effects of an obesogenic diet and phenol compounds.
Translating the Diabetes Prevention Program in Native Hawaiian and Pacific Islander communities: the PILI 'Ohana Project.
The effect of eight weeks endurance training and high-fat diet on appetite-regulating hormones in rat plasma.
The characterization of obese polycystic ovary syndrome rat model suitable for exercise intervention.
Combined physical activity/sedentary behaviour associations with indices of adiposity in 8- to 10-year-old children.
Interferon tau alleviates obesity-induced adipose tissue inflammation and insulin resistance by regulating macrophage polarization.
Sasa borealis stem extract attenuates hepatic steatosis in high-fat diet-induced obese rats.
Genomics of post-prandial lipidomic phenotypes in the Genetics of Lipid lowering Drugs and Diet Network (GOLDN) study.
Distinct signatures of host-microbial meta-metabolome and gut microbiome in two C57BL/6 strains under high-fat diet.
Increased adipocyte O2 consumption triggers HIF-1α, causing inflammation and insulin resistance in obesity.
Melanocortin 4 receptors in autonomic neurons regulate thermogenesis and glycemia.
Relationship between the acyl chain length of paradol analogues and their antiobesity activity following oral ingestion.
Liver damage, inflammation, and enhanced tumorigenesis after persistent mTORC1 inhibition.
The adipocyte-inducible secreted phospholipases PLA2G5 and PLA2G2E play distinct roles in obesity.
Comparative pharmacokinetic investigation on baicalin and wogonoside in type 2 diabetic and normal rats after oral administration of traditional Chinese medicine Huanglian Jiedu decoction.
Delayed fracture healing and increased callus adiposity in a C57BL/6J murine model of obesity-associated type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Morphological changes in glial fibrillary acidic protein immunopositive astrocytes in the hippocampus of dietary-induced obese mice.
LSD1 promotes oxidative metabolism of white adipose tissue.
Extracellular matrix and cytochrome P450 gene expression can distinguish steatohepatitis from steatosis in mice.
Invited review: palmitic and stearic acid metabolism in lactating dairy cows.
Effects of obesity/fatty acids on the expression of GPR120.
Effect of ambrex (a herbal formulation) on oxidative stress in hyperlipidemic rats and differentiation of 3T3-L1 preadipocytes.
Prevalence of prostate cancer across the globe: what can autopsy studies teach us about this peculiar disease?
Macrophage metalloelastase (MMP12) regulates adipose tissue expansion, insulin sensitivity, and expression of inducible nitric oxide synthase.
Impact of diet-induced obesity on intestinal stem cells: hyperproliferation but impaired intrinsic function that requires insulin/IGF1.
Hypothalamic gliosis associated with high-fat diet feeding is reversible in mice: a combined immunohistochemical and magnetic resonance imaging study.
Differentially regulated protein kinase A (PKA) activity in adipose tissue and liver is associated with resistance to diet-induced obesity and glucose intolerance in mice that lack PKA regulatory subunit type IIα.
Artemisia scoparia enhances adipocyte development and endocrine function in vitro and enhances insulin action in vivo.
Healthy virgin olive oil: a matter of bitterness.
Chickpeas—composition, nutritional value, health benefits, application to bread and snacks: a review.
Nondestructive spectroscopic and imaging techniques for quality evaluation and assessment of fish and fish products.
Experimental study of the efficiency of Dietressa preparation on body weight reduction in mice feeding high-fat ration.
Phagocytic function of Kupffer cells in mouse nonalcoholic fatty liver disease models: Evaluation with superparamagnetic iron oxide.
Postprandial oxidative stress is increased after a phytonutrient-poor food but not after a kilojoule-matched phytonutrient-rich food.
Intensively managed young children with type 1 diabetes consume high-fat, low-fiber diets similar to age-matched controls.
Olive leaf extract suppresses messenger RNA expression of proinflammatory cytokines and enhances insulin receptor substrate 1 expression in the rats with streptozotocin and high-fat diet-induced diabetes.
Corn gluten hydrolysate and capsaicin have complimentary actions on body weight reduction and lipid-related genes in diet-induced obese rats.
Oral exposure of pubertal male mice to endocrine-disrupting chemicals alters fat metabolism in adult livers.
Capsaicin-induced transcriptional changes in hypothalamus and alterations in gut microbial count in high fat diet fed mice.
Extra virgin olive oil intake delays the development of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis associated with reduced reticulum stress and autophagy in muscle of SOD1G93A mice.
Pnpla3I148M knockin mice accumulate PNPLA3 on lipid droplets and develop hepatic steatosis.
Roux-en-y gastric bypass attenuates hepatic mitochondrial dysfunction in mice with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Lipocalin 2 regulates brown fat activation via a nonadrenergic activation mechanism.
Tracing the movement of adiponectin in a parabiosis model of wild-type and adiponectin-knockout mice.
Metabolic remodeling of white adipose tissue in obesity.
Gallic acid ameliorated impaired glucose and lipid homeostasis in high fat diet-induced NAFLD mice.
Maternal high-fat diet worsens memory deficits in the triple-transgenic (3xTgAD) mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Changes in morphology and function of adrenal cortex in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Intestinal and systemic inflammatory responses are positively associated with sulfidogenic bacteria abundance in high-fat-fed male C57BL/6J mice.
Effects of red pitaya juice supplementation on cardiovascular and hepatic changes in high-carbohydrate, high-fat diet-induced metabolic syndrome rats.
A review of the effects of nuts on appetite, food intake, metabolism, and body weight.
Hyperplastic obesity and liver steatosis as long-term consequences of suboptimal in vitro culture of mouse embryos.
Effects of low-fat high-fibre diet and mitratapide on body weight reduction, blood pressure and metabolic parameters in obese dogs.
Regulation of dipeptidyl peptidase 4 production in adipocytes by glucose.
Dietary intake, eating behaviors, and quality of life in women with polycystic ovary syndrome who are trying to conceive.
Epigenetic modification of the leptin promoter in diet-induced obese mice and the effects of N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids.
Clustering and correlates of multiple health behaviours in 9-10 year old children.
Circulating levels of the cytokines IL10, IFNγ and resistin in an obese mouse model of developmental programming.
Diet-induced and age-related changes in the quadriceps muscle: MRI and MRS in a rat model of sarcopenia.
Change in texture improvement of low-fat tofu by means of low-fat soymilk protein denaturation.
Experimental nonalcoholic steatohepatitis compromises ureagenesis, an essential hepatic metabolic function.
The effects of the mediterranean diet on biomarkers of vascular wall inflammation and plaque vulnerability in subjects with high risk for cardiovascular disease. A randomized trial.
DJ-1 contributes to adipogenesis and obesity-induced inflammation.
High-fat diet induces early-onset diabetes in heterozygous Pax6 mutant mice.
Proinflammatory phenotype of perivascular adipocytes.
Changing the paradigm for myoglobin: a novel link between lipids and myoglobin.
A new piece in the puzzling effect of n-3 fatty acids on atherosclerosis?
Large litter rearing improves leptin sensitivity and hypothalamic appetite markers in offspring of rat dams fed high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation.
Radix Hedysari polysaccharide suppresses lipid metabolism dysfunction in a rat model of non‑alcoholic fatty liver disease via adenosine monophosphate‑activated protein kinase pathway activation.
Effectiveness of a web- and mobile phone-based intervention to promote physical activity and healthy eating in middle-aged males: randomized controlled trial of the ManUp study.
Evidence for the use of glomerulomegaly as a surrogate marker of glomerular damage and for alpha-linolenic acid-rich oils in the treatment of early obesity-related glomerulopathy in a diet-induced rodent model of obesity.
Energetic and nutritional constraints on infant brain development: implications for brain expansion during human evolution.
Intestinal deletion of leptin signaling alters activity of nutrient transporters and delayed the onset of obesity in mice.
Overweight and CpG methylation of the Pomc promoter in offspring of high-fat-diet-fed dams are not 'reprogrammed' by regular chow diet in rats.
High-fat, low-carbohydrate diet promotes arrhythmic death and increases myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury in rats.
Improved glucose tolerance in insulin-resistant rats after pea hull feeding is associated with changes in lipid metabolism-targeted transcriptome.
Adipocyte inflammation is essential for healthy adipose tissue expansion and remodeling.
Decrease in myostatin by ladder-climbing training is associated with insulin resistance in diet-induced obese rats.
Effect of supplementing essential fatty acids to pregnant nonlactating Holstein cows and their preweaned calves on calf performance, immune response, and health.
NUCKS is a positive transcriptional regulator of insulin signaling.
Pasture v. standard dairy cream in high-fat diet-fed mice: improved metabolic outcomes and stronger intestinal barrier.
Effect of instant cooked giant embryonic rice on body fat weight and plasma lipid profile in high fat-fed mice.
Long-term intake of soyabean phytosterols lowers serum TAG and NEFA concentrations, increases bile acid synthesis and protects against fatty liver development in dyslipidaemic hamsters.
The roles of nitric oxide and hydrogen sulfide in the anti-atherosclerotic effect of atorvastatin.
Exendin-4 regulates lipid metabolism and fibroblast growth factor 21 in hepatic steatosis.
Dipeptidyl peptidase inhibition prevents diastolic dysfunction and reduces myocardial fibrosis in a mouse model of Western diet induced obesity.
Re-esterified palm oils, compared to native palm oil, do not alter fat absorption, postprandial lipemia or growth performance in broiler chicks.
Interleukin-6 deletion in mice driven by aP2-Cre-ERT2 prevents against high-fat diet-induced gain weight and adiposity in female mice.
Critical role of matrix metalloprotease-9 in chronic high fat diet-induced cerebral vascular remodelling and increase of ischaemic brain injury in mice†.
ACP Journal Club. In patients at high CV risk, a Mediterranean diet plus olive oil reduced diabetes more than advising a low-fat diet.
Race/ethnicity and income in relation to the home food environment in US youth aged 6 to 19 years.
Transgenic expression of dominant-active IDOL in liver causes diet-induced hypercholesterolemia and atherosclerosis in mice.
Emerging role of protein kinase C in energy homeostasis: A brief overview.
[Intestinal microbiota and cardiometabolic risk: mechanisms and diet modulation].
Modulation of gut microbiota during probiotic-mediated attenuation of metabolic syndrome in high fat diet-fed mice.
Raman imaging providing insights into chemical composition of lipid droplets of different size and origin: in hepatocytes and endothelium.
Protective effects of Sapindus mukorossi Gaertn against fatty liver disease induced by high fat diet in rats.
Ablation of Elovl6 protects pancreatic islets from high-fat diet-induced impairment of insulin secretion.
A systems biology approach to understand the pathophysiological mechanisms of cardiac pathological hypertrophy associated with rosiglitazone.
Fibre-induced feed sorting in King Quail (Coturnix chinensis): behavioural plasticity elicited by a physiological challenge.
Glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase-4-deficient mice are protected from diet-induced insulin resistance by the enhanced association of mTOR and rictor.
Bazedoxifene and conjugated estrogen prevent diet-induced obesity, hepatic steatosis, and type 2 diabetes in mice without impacting the reproductive tract.
Activity of AMP-regulated protein kinase and AMP-deaminase in the heart of mice fed high-fat diet.
Grape seed proanthocyanidin extracts ameliorate podocyte injury by activating peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ coactivator 1α in low-dose streptozotocin-and high-carbohydrate/high-fat diet-induced diabetic rats.
Variations in body weight, food intake and body composition after long-term high-fat diet feeding in C57BL/6J mice.
A prospective, randomized, controlled, exploratory study of comprehensive dietary advice in ulcerative colitis: impact on disease activity and quality of life.
[Effects of quercetin in pregnant and lactation period on weight and expression of insulin-like growth factors-1 mRNA of obese female rats offspring].
Decreased global DNA methylation in the white blood cells of high fat diet fed vervet monkeys (Chlorocebus aethiops).
Evaluation of the effect of food and ketoconazole on the pharmacokinetics of the smoothened inhibitor PF-04449913 in healthy volunteers.
Appetite control and biomarkers of satiety with vegetarian (soy) and meat-based high-protein diets for weight loss in obese men: a randomized crossover trial.
Fried-food consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes and coronary artery disease: a prospective study in 2 cohorts of US women and men.
Hindbrain nucleus tractus solitarius glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor signaling reduces appetitive and motivational aspects of feeding.
Ethanol extract of <i>Cirsium japonicum</i> attenuates hepatic lipid accumulation via AMPK activation in human HepG2 cells.
Piperine potentiates the hypocholesterolemic effect of curcumin in rats fed on a high fat diet.
Hypoglycemic and anti-depressant effects of Zuogui Jiangtang Jieyu formulation in a model of unpredictable chronic mild stress in rats with diabetes mellitus.
Brown adipose tissue derived VEGF-A modulates cold tolerance and energy expenditure.
Low-grade chronic inflammation perpetuated by modern diet as a promoter of obesity and osteoporosis.
ASMase regulates autophagy and lysosomal membrane permeabilization and its inhibition prevents early stage non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
[Effect of formula of removing both phlegm and blood stasis in improving cardiac function of Chinese mini-swine with coronary heart disease of phlegm-stasis cementation syndrome].
Diet and growth in infancy: relationship to socioeconomic background and to health and development in the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children.
SIRT1 mediates the effect of GLP-1 receptor agonist exenatide on ameliorating hepatic steatosis.
Fractalkine (CX3CL1) is involved in the early activation of hypothalamic inflammation in experimental obesity.
Macrophage HIF-2α ameliorates adipose tissue inflammation and insulin resistance in obesity.
Heterozygous SOD2 deletion impairs glucose-stimulated insulin secretion, but not insulin action, in high-fat-fed mice.
Role of hepatic blood flow and metabolism in the pharmacokinetics of ten drugs in lean, aged and obese rats.
Transplanted perivascular adipose tissue accelerates injury-induced neointimal hyperplasia: role of monocyte chemoattractant protein-1.
Dietary patterns are associated with obesity in Japanese patients with schizophrenia.
Regulation of growth hormone induced JAK2 and mTOR signalling by hepatic protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B.
Evaluation of anti-diabetic activity of Glucova Active Tablet on Type I and Type II diabetic model in rats.
Weight loss maintenance: A review on dietary related strategies.
Periodontal pathogens and atherosclerosis: implications of inflammation and oxidative modification of LDL.
Eating high fat chow and the behavioral effects of direct-acting and indirect-acting dopamine receptor agonists in female rats.
Liraglutide enhances insulin sensitivity by activating AMP-activated protein kinase in male Wistar rats.
Long term exendin-4 treatment reduces food intake and body weight and alters expression of brain homeostatic and reward markers.
Early decrease in dietary protein:energy ratio by fat addition and ontogenetic changes in muscle growth mechanisms of rainbow trout: short- and long-term effects.
PTPRT regulates high-fat diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance.
Fucosylated chondroitin sulfate from sea cucumber improves glucose metabolism and activates insulin signaling in the liver of insulin-resistant mice.
Altered ubiquitin-proteasome system leads to neuronal cell death in a spontaneous obese rat model.
The impact of supplementing lambs with algae on growth, meat traits and oxidative status.
Food and nutrient intake of Irish community-dwelling elderly subjects: who is at nutritional risk?
Hearts from mice fed a non-obesogenic high-fat diet exhibit changes in their oxidative state, calcium and mitochondria in parallel with increased susceptibility to reperfusion injury.
Cardiorespiratory anomalies in mice lacking CB1 cannabinoid receptors.
Maternal exercise during pregnancy reduces risk of mammary tumorigenesis in rat offspring.
The anorexic effect of Ex4/Fc through GLP-1 receptor activation in high-fat diet fed mice.
Impact of high dietary lipid intake and related metabolic disorders on the abundance and acyl composition of the unique mitochondrial phospholipid, cardiolipin.
Lipolytic and antiadipogenic effects of (3,3-dimethylallyl) halfordinol on 3T3-L1 adipocytes and high fat and fructose diet induced obese C57/BL6J mice.
Insulin-like peptide response to nutritional input in honey bee workers.
Hypercholesterolemia induces angiogenesis and accelerates growth of breast tumors in vivo.
Effect of concentrate level on feeding behavior and rumen and blood parameters in dairy goats: relationships between behavioral and physiological parameters and effect of between-animal variability.
Treatment of body composition changes in obese and overweight older adults: insight into the phenotype of sarcopenic obesity.
Effect of flaxseed physical form on digestibility of lactation diets fed to Holstein steers.
Grape marc reduces methane emissions when fed to dairy cows.
Damage to enteric neurons occurs in mice that develop fatty liver disease but not diabetes in response to a high-fat diet.
Diet-induced alterations in gut microflora contribute to lethal pulmonary damage in TLR2/TLR4-deficient mice.
Apolipoprotein E-knockout mice on high-fat diet show autoimmune injury on kidney and aorta.
A procedure for the sensory evaluation of Salama da sugo, a typical fermented sausage produced in the Emilia Romagna Region, Italy.
Metabolomics of ApcMin/+ mice genetically susceptible to intestinal cancer.
Hepatic oxidative stress promotes insulin-STAT-5 signaling and obesity by inactivating protein tyrosine phosphatase N2.
LXR-α antagonist meso-dihydroguaiaretic acid attenuates high-fat diet-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver.
Disruption of protein-tyrosine phosphatase 1B expression in the pancreas affects β-cell function.
Requirement of JNK1 for endothelial cell injury in atherogenesis.
Susceptibility of Nrf2-null mice to steatohepatitis and cirrhosis upon consumption of a high-fat diet is associated with oxidative stress, perturbation of the unfolded protein response, and disturbance in the expression of metabolic enzymes but not with insulin resistance.
PPARβ/δ activation of CD300a controls intestinal immunity.
Role of nitric oxide synthase uncoupling at rostral ventrolateral medulla in redox-sensitive hypertension associated with metabolic syndrome.
Conditional knockout of the leptin receptor in the colonic epithelium revealed the local effects of leptin receptor signaling in the progression of colonic tumors in mice.
Early endothelial nitrosylation and increased abdominal adiposity in Wistar rats after long-term consumption of food fried in canola oil.
Patients with type 1 diabetes show signs of vascular dysfunction in response to multiple high-fat meals.
Role of an Ethanolic Extract of Crotalaria juncea L. on High-Fat Diet-Induced Hypercholesterolemia.
JTT-130, a novel intestine-specific inhibitor of microsomal triglyceride transfer protein, reduces food preference for fat.
Fatty acids composition and food consumption among reindeer herders and urban inhabitants of the European North of Russia.
Haptoglobin is required to prevent oxidative stress and muscle atrophy.
Dietary non-esterified oleic Acid decreases the jejunal levels of anorectic N-acylethanolamines.
Exposure to bisphenol-A during pregnancy partially mimics the effects of a high-fat diet altering glucose homeostasis and gene expression in adult male mice.
Incorporation of therapeutically modified bacteria into gut microbiota inhibits obesity.
[Effect of sequoyitol on expression of NOX4 and eNOS in aortas of type 2 diabetic rats].
Intrinsic aerobic capacity impacts susceptibility to acute high-fat diet-induced hepatic steatosis.
CXCR4 chemokine receptor signaling mediates pain in diabetic neuropathy.
Nutrient intake and brain biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease in at-risk cognitively normal individuals: a cross-sectional neuroimaging pilot study.
Effect of Achyranthes bidentata Blume on 3T3-L1 Adipogenesis and Rats Fed with a High-Fat Diet.
A diet containing a nonfat dry milk matrix significantly alters systemic oxylipins and the endocannabinoid 2-arachidonoylglycerol (2-AG) in diet-induced obese mice.
Development of a quantitative food frequency questionnaire for use among the Yup'ik people of Western Alaska.
Vascular dysfunction in children conceived by assisted reproductive technologies: underlying mechanisms and future implications.
Pioglitazone ameliorates the lowered exercise capacity and impaired mitochondrial function of the skeletal muscle in type 2 diabetic mice.
Assessing diets for energy and nutrients content in nursery school children from Lodz, Poland.
Human consumption of rumen flukes of cattle in India.
Ondansetron attenuates depression co-morbid with obesity in obese mice subjected to chronic unpredictable mild stress; an approach using behavioral battery tests.
Sex and race differences in caloric intake during sleep restriction in healthy adults.
Islet amyloid formation is an important determinant for inducing islet inflammation in high-fat-fed human IAPP transgenic mice.
Obesity-induced lysine acetylation increases cardiac fatty acid oxidation and impairs insulin signalling.
Polyol pathway exacerbated ischemia/reperfusion-induced injury in steatotic liver.
Enhanced amelioration of high-fat diet-induced fatty liver by docosahexaenoic acid and lysine supplementations.
Development of a murine model of early sepsis in diet-induced obesity.
Effects of castration age, dietary protein level and lysine/methionine ratio on animal performance, carcass and meat quality of Friesian steers intensively reared.
Reversal of muscle atrophy by Zhimu-Huangbai herb-pair via Akt/mTOR/FoxO3 signal pathway in streptozotocin-induced diabetic mice.
Pivotal role of cAMP in the activation of liver glycogen breakdown in high-fat diet fed mice.
[Therapeutic effect of saxagliptin in rat models of nonalcoholic fatty liver and type 2 diabetes].
The protection of Rhein lysinate to liver in diabetic mice induced by high-fat diet and streptozotocin.
Reducing RIP140 expression in macrophage alters ATM infiltration, facilitates white adipose tissue browning, and prevents high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance.
ENPP2 contributes to adipose tissue expansion and insulin resistance in diet-induced obesity.
Tissue distribution and regulation of the small Sar1b GTPase in mice.
Dietary clues to the pathogenesis of Crohn's disease.
Cardiovascular risk factors and adipocytokines levels after two hypocaloric diets with different fat distribution in obese subjects and rs6923761 gene variant of glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor.
Dietary cholesterol promotes adipocyte hypertrophy and adipose tissue inflammation in visceral, but not in subcutaneous, fat in monkeys.
Regulation of high-density lipoprotein on hematopoietic stem/progenitor cells in atherosclerosis requires scavenger receptor type BI expression.
α4β7 Integrin (LPAM-1) is upregulated at atherosclerotic lesions and is involved in atherosclerosis progression.
Dietary fat composition and dementia risk.
Long-term obesity promotes alterations in diastolic function induced by reduction of phospholamban phosphorylation at serine-16 without affecting calcium handling.
Food pattern, lifestyle and diabetes mellitus.
Role of metformin in suppressing 1,2-dimethylhydrazine-induced colon cancer in diabetic and non-diabetic mice: effect on tumor angiogenesis and cell proliferation.
The dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor sitagliptin protects against dyslipidemia-related kidney injury in Apolipoprotein E knockout mice.
Alteration of gut bacteria and metabolomes after glucaro-1,4-lactone treatment contributes to the prevention of hypercholesterolemia.
Lipid droplet-associated proteins in high-fat fed mice with the effects of voluntary running and diet change.
Fructose supplementation worsens the deleterious effects of short-term high-fat feeding on hepatic steatosis and lipid metabolism in adult rats.
The effect of dietary α-lipoic acid, betaine, l-carnitine, and swimming on the obesity of mice induced by a high-fat diet.
QCM-4, a serotonergic type 3 receptor modulator attenuates depression co-morbid with obesity in mice: an approach based on behavioral and biochemical investigations.
The antidiabetic and hepatoprotective effects of magnolol on diabetic rats induced by high-fat diet and streptozotocin.
Oxygen restriction as challenge test reveals early high-fat-diet-induced changes in glucose and lipid metabolism.
Effects of nutrient composition of dinner on sleep architecture and energy metabolism during sleep.
Partial hepatic resistance to IL-6-induced inflammation develops in type 2 diabetic mice, while the anti-inflammatory effect of AMPK is maintained.
NHE1 deficiency in liver: implications for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
A genetic variant of PPARA modulates cardiovascular risk biomarkers after milk consumption.
Distinct metabolic pathways trigger adipocyte fat accumulation induced by high-carbohydrate and high-fat diets.
Effects of whey protein and leucine supplementation on insulin resistance in non-obese insulin-resistant model rats.
Prostate cancer and the influence of dietary factors and supplements: a systematic review.
Effect of reduced energy density of close-up diets on dry matter intake, lactation performance and energy balance in multiparous Holstein cows.
Obesity as a consequence of gut bacteria and diet interactions.
Consuming a high-fat diet is associated with increased risk of certain types of BC.
Changes in glucose disposal after a caloric restriction-induced weight loss program in obese postmenopausal women: characteristics of positive and negative responders in a Montreal-Ottawa New Emerging Team study.
Endogenous ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid production confers resistance to obesity, dyslipidemia, and diabetes in mice.
Correlation network analysis reveals relationships between diet-induced changes in human gut microbiota and metabolic health.
Effect of chronic coffee consumption on weight gain and glycaemia in a mouse model of obesity and type 2 diabetes.
Pistachio nut consumption modifies systemic hemodynamics, increases heart rate variability, and reduces ambulatory blood pressure in well-controlled type 2 diabetes: a randomized trial.
Inhibitory effect of fucosylated chondroitin sulfate from the sea cucumber Acaudina molpadioides on adipogenesis is dependent on Wnt/β-catenin pathway.
Inhibition of HDAC3 promotes ligand-independent PPARγ activation by protein acetylation.
Dietary and sex-specific factors regulate hypothalamic neurogenesis in young adult mice.
TAK1-mediated autophagy and fatty acid oxidation prevent hepatosteatosis and tumorigenesis.
L-carnitine prevents progression of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in a mouse model with upregulation of mitochondrial pathway.
Inhibition of CYP4A reduces hepatic endoplasmic reticulum stress and features of diabetes in mice.
Controlling access time to a high-fat diet during the inactive period protects against obesity in mice.
When and why carbohydrate restriction can be a viable option.
Effects of low-carbohydrate, high-fat diets on apparent digestibility of minerals and trace elements in rats.
Feeding prepubescent gilts a high-fat diet induces molecular changes in the hypothalamus-pituitary-gonadal axis and predicts early timing of puberty.
Resveratrol attenuates hepatic steatosis in high-fat fed mice by decreasing lipogenesis and inflammation.
Long-term intake of rice improves insulin sensitivity in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Effects of Artemisia species on de novo lipogenesis in vivo.
Artemisia extracts activate PPARγ, promote adipogenesis, and enhance insulin sensitivity in adipose tissue of obese mice.
Artemisia dracunculus L. polyphenols complexed to soy protein show enhanced bioavailability and hypoglycemic activity in C57BL/6 mice.
Polyphenol-rich Rutgers Scarlet Lettuce improves glucose metabolism and liver lipid accumulation in diet-induced obese C57BL/6 mice.
Norathyriol reverses obesity- and high-fat-diet-induced insulin resistance in mice through inhibition of PTP1B.
Oral administration of soybean peptide Vglycin normalizes fasting glucose and restores impaired pancreatic function in Type 2 diabetic Wistar rats.
Duodenal-jejunal bypass surgery on type 2 diabetic rats reduces the expression of matrix metalloproteinase-9 and tissue inhibitor of matrix metalloproteinase-1 in the thoracic aorta.
Effects of the Mediterranean diet supplemented with coenzyme q10 on metabolomic profiles in elderly men and women.
PPARα-independent actions of omega-3 PUFAs contribute to their beneficial effects on adiposity and glucose homeostasis.
Adiponectin is expressed in the pancreas of high-fat-diet-fed mice and protects pancreatic endothelial function during the development of type 2 diabetes.
Progression of diet induced nonalcoholic steatohepatitis is accompanied by increased expression of Kruppel-like-factor 10 in mice.
Development of an experimental diet model in rats to study hyperlipidemia and insulin resistance, markers for coronary heart disease.
Long-term effects of a very low-carbohydrate weight loss diet on exercise capacity and tolerance in overweight and obese adults.
Starving for ghrelin.
MicroRNA-410 regulated lipoprotein lipase variant rs13702 is associated with stroke incidence and modulated by diet in the randomized controlled PREDIMED trial.
High-viscosity dietary fibers reduce adiposity and decrease hepatic steatosis in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Niacin inhibits vascular inflammation via downregulating nuclear transcription factor-κB signaling pathway.
The magnolia bioactive constituent 4-O-methylhonokiol protects against high-fat diet-induced obesity and systemic insulin resistance in mice.
Body characteristics, [corrected] dietary protein and body weight regulation. Reconciling conflicting results from intervention and observational studies?
Hyperlipidemia causes changes in inflammatory responses to periodontal pathogen challenge: implications in acute and chronic infections.
Antioxidant catalase rescues against high fat diet-induced cardiac dysfunction via an IKKβ-AMPK-dependent regulation of autophagy.
Impact of the Healthy Foods North nutrition intervention program on Inuit and Inuvialuit food consumption and preparation methods in Canadian Arctic communities.
Involvement of hepatic peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor α/γ in the therapeutic effect of osthole on high-fat and high-sucrose-induced steatohepatitis in rats.
Reversal of high-fat diet-induced hepatic steatosis by n-3 LCPUFA: role of PPAR-α and SREBP-1c.
Diet-induced obesity accelerates the onset of terminal phenotypes in α-synuclein transgenic mice.
Heme oxygenase-1 drives metaflammation and insulin resistance in mouse and man.
Adipsin is an adipokine that improves β cell function in diabetes.
Metabolic parameters in rats receiving different levels of oral glycerol supplementation.
Interleukin-6 deficiency causes tissue-specific changes in signaling pathways in response to high-fat diet and physical activity.
A Gpr120-selective agonist improves insulin resistance and chronic inflammation in obese mice.
Comparison of shortened and conventional dry period management strategies.
High-fat diet consumption disrupts memory and primes elevations in hippocampal IL-1β, an effect that can be prevented with dietary reversal or IL-1 receptor antagonism.
Evaluation of a porcine model of early aortic valve sclerosis.
Lycium barbarum polysaccharides therapeutically improve hepatic functions in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis rats and cellular steatosis model.
Prediabetes-induced vascular alterations exacerbate central pathology in APPswe/PS1dE9 mice.
Osteoprotegerin increases in metabolic syndrome and promotes adipose tissue proinflammatory changes.
Comparison of the independent and combined effects of sub-chronic therapy with metformin and a stable GLP-1 receptor agonist on cognitive function, hippocampal synaptic plasticity and metabolic control in high-fat fed mice.
Evaluation of Aroclor 1260 exposure in a mouse model of diet-induced obesity and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Fat Preference: a novel model of eating behavior in rats.
Silence of NLRP3 suppresses atherosclerosis and stabilizes plaques in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice.
The dietary polysaccharide maltodextrin promotes Salmonella survival and mucosal colonization in mice.
Haloperidol and rimonabant increase delay discounting in rats fed high-fat and standard-chow diets.
Caloric restriction promotes the reserve of follicle pool in adult female rats by inhibiting the activation of mammalian target of rapamycin signaling.
Genetic determinants of atherosclerosis, obesity, and energy balance in consomic mice.
Yogurt consumption, weight change and risk of overweight/obesity: the SUN cohort study.
Intestinal microbiota in metabolic diseases: from bacterial community structure and functions to species of pathophysiological relevance.
Thioredoxin-interacting protein mediates hepatic lipogenesis and inflammation via PRMT1 and PGC-1α regulation in vitro and in vivo.
Protection against high-fat diet-induced obesity in Helz2-deficient male mice due to enhanced expression of hepatic leptin receptor.
CMHX008, a novel peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ partial agonist, enhances insulin sensitivity in vitro and in vivo.
Plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin D, more so than its epimer, has a linear relationship to leaner body composition across infancy in healthy term infants.
Carbohydrate intake and glycemic index affect substrate oxidation during a controlled weight cycle in healthy men.
Effect of dietary energy density and meal size on growth performance, eating pattern, and carcass and meat quality in Holstein steers fed high-concentrate diets.
Open chromatin profiling in mice livers reveals unique chromatin variations induced by high fat diet.
Primary genetic investigation of a hyperlipidemia model: molecular characteristics and variants of the apolipoprotein E gene in Mongolian gerbil.
Combination of meal and exercise timing with a high-fat diet influences energy expenditure and obesity in mice.
Activation of free fatty acid receptor 1 improves hepatic steatosis through a p38-dependent pathway.
Hyperhomocysteinemia potentiates hyperglycemia-induced inflammatory monocyte differentiation and atherosclerosis.
Mannose-binding lectin is required for the effective clearance of apoptotic cells by adipose tissue macrophages during obesity.
Improving type 2 diabetes through a distinct adrenergic signaling pathway involving mTORC2 that mediates glucose uptake in skeletal muscle.
Insulin reverses the high-fat diet-induced increase in brain Aβ and improves memory in an animal model of Alzheimer disease.
Partly replacing meat protein with soy protein alters insulin resistance and blood lipids in postmenopausal women with abdominal obesity.
Effect of a high-fat diet in development of colonic adenoma in an animal model.
Evaluation of fatty liver fibrosis in rabbits using real-time shear wave elastography.
Ketogenic dietary therapies for adults with epilepsy: feasibility and classification of response.
Fumaric acid esters can block pro-inflammatory actions of human CRP and ameliorate metabolic disturbances in transgenic spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Effect of high sugar intake on glucose transporter and weight regulating hormones in mice and humans.
The ketogenic diet modifies social and metabolic alterations identified in the prenatal valproic acid model of autism spectrum disorder.
Up-regulation of hepatic alpha-2-HS-glycoprotein transcription by testosterone via androgen receptor activation.
Enhanced expression of BMP6 inhibits hepatic fibrosis in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Lingonberry (Vaccinium vitis-idaea L.) Exhibits Antidiabetic Activities in a Mouse Model of Diet-Induced Obesity.
Crude extracts from Lycium barbarum suppress SREBP-1c expression and prevent diet-induced fatty liver through AMPK activation.
Effect of high-fat diet upon inflammatory markers and aortic stiffening in mice.
Dietary fat composition and cardiac events in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Nε-carboxymethyllysine-mediated endoplasmic reticulum stress promotes endothelial cell injury through Nox4/MKP-3 interaction.
Eruptive xanthomas after extensive tattooing: a case report and literature review.
Dietary fatty acid content regulates wound repair and the pathogenesis of osteoarthritis following joint injury.
Vanadium methyl-bipyridine organoligand and its influence on energy balance and organs mass.
Deficiency in adipocyte chemokine receptor CXCR4 exacerbates obesity and compromises thermoregulatory responses of brown adipose tissue in a mouse model of diet-induced obesity.
Relationship of p53 accumulation in peripheral tissues of high-fat diet-induced obese rats with decrease in metabolic and oncogenic signaling of insulin.
AMPK activation prevents excess nutrient-induced hepatic lipid accumulation by inhibiting mTORC1 signaling and endoplasmic reticulum stress response.
Uninephrectomy augments the effects of high fat diet induced obesity on gene expression in mouse kidney.
Thyrotropin increases hepatic triglyceride content through upregulation of SREBP-1c activity.
The saturated fatty acid, palmitic acid, induces anxiety-like behavior in mice.
[Cardiac ischemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus rats induced by high sucrose and high fat diet and STZ treated].
[Effects of exercise and low-fat diet on the TNF-alpha expression of insulin resistance in rats].
Probucol plus cilostazol attenuate hypercholesterolemia‑induced exacerbation in ischemic brain injury via anti-inflammatory effects.
Dietary ellagic acid improves oxidant-induced endothelial dysfunction and atherosclerosis: role of Nrf2 activation.
Xbp1s in Pomc neurons connects ER stress with energy balance and glucose homeostasis.
Whey peptide ingestion suppresses body fat accumulation in senescence-accelerated mouse prone 6 (SAMP6).
Deletion of protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B rescues against myocardial anomalies in high fat diet-induced obesity: Role of AMPK-dependent autophagy.
Dietary patterns and changes in body composition in children between 9 and 11 years.
Food science: Fat chance.
The effect of recombinant adeno-associated virus-adiponectin (rAAV2/1-Acrp30) on glycolipid dysmetabolism and liver morphology in diabetic rats.
Chronic ingestion of H1-antihistamines increase progression of atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E-/- mice.
[Effects of electroacupuncture at 'Fenglong' (ST 40) on formation of macrophage-derived foam cell and efflux of cholesterol in hyperlipidemia rats].
The adipokine Retnla modulates cholesterol homeostasis in hyperlipidemic mice.
Comparison of enriched palmitic acid and calcium salts of palm fatty acids distillate fat supplements on milk production and metabolic profiles of high-producing dairy cows.
Anti-diabetic effect of mulberry leaf polysaccharide by inhibiting pancreatic islet cell apoptosis and ameliorating insulin secretory capacity in diabetic rats.
Changes of serum angiogenic biomarkers and their correlations with serum leptin concentration.
A modified portfolio diet complements medical management to reduce cardiovascular risk factors in diabetic patients with coronary artery disease.
Myeloperoxidase deletion prevents high-fat diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance.
Experimental models of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in rats.
High fat diet feeding results in gender specific steatohepatitis and inflammasome activation.
Novel diet-related mouse model of colon cancer parallels human colon cancer.
Resveratrol increases nephrin and podocin expression and alleviates renal damage in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Troxerutin improves hepatic lipid homeostasis by restoring NAD(+)-depletion-mediated dysfunction of lipin 1 signaling in high-fat diet-treated mice.
Insulin resistance is not associated with thermogenic effect of a high-fat meal in obese children.
A high-fiber, low-fat diet improves periodontal disease markers in high-risk subjects: a pilot study.
Apple flavonols and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid-rich fish oil lowers blood C-reactive protein in rats with hypercholesterolemia and acute inflammation.
Low glycemic index vegan or low-calorie weight loss diets for women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a randomized controlled feasibility study.
Effects of R219K polymorphism of ATP-binding cassette transporter 1 gene on serum lipids ratios induced by a high-carbohydrate and low-fat diet in healthy youth.
Differential regulation of EGFR-MAPK signaling by deoxycholic acid (DCA) and ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) in colon cancer.
Transition from metabolic adaptation to maladaptation of the heart in obesity: role of apelin.
Selected spices and their combination modulate hypercholesterolemia-induced oxidative stress in experimental rats.
Specific appetite, energetic and metabolomics responses to fat overfeeding in resistant-to-bodyweight-gain constitutional thinness.
Long-term changes in the ghrelin-CB1R axis associated with the maintenance of lower body weight after sleeve gastrectomy.
Amelioration of lipid profile and level of antioxidant activities by epigallocatechin-gallate in a rat model of atherogenesis.
Metformin enhances nitric oxide production and diminishes Rho kinase activity in rats with hyperlipidemia.
Comparative proteomic study reveals 17β-HSD13 as a pathogenic protein in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Hepatic ABCA1 expression improves β-cell function and glucose tolerance.
Effects of high-fat diet and the anti-diabetic drug metformin on circulating GLP-1 and the relative number of intestinal L-cells.
High-protein, low-fat, short-term diet results in less stress and fatigue than moderate-protein moderate-fat diet during weight loss in male weightlifters: a pilot study.
Body composition and power performance improved after weight reduction in male athletes without hampering hormonal balance.
Quantification of training load, energy intake, and physiological adaptations during a rugby preseason: a case study from an elite European rugby union squad.
Diets rich in saturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids induce morphological alterations in the rat ventral prostate.
Effect of a low-fat or low-carbohydrate weight-loss diet on markers of cardiovascular risk among premenopausal women: a randomized trial.
Effects of a workplace multiple cardiovascular disease risks reduction program.
Reduction in circulating ghrelin concentration after maturation does not affect food intake.
Hepatic inflammation scores correlate with common carotid intima-media thickness in rats with NAFLD induced by a high-fat diet.
Overexpression of superoxide dismutase 3 gene blocks high-fat diet-induced obesity, fatty liver and insulin resistance.
Lxr-driven enterocyte lipid droplet formation delays transport of ingested lipids.
Dietary enrichment with alpha-linolenic acid during pregnancy attenuates insulin resistance in adult offspring in mice.
Protective effects of aliskiren and valsartan in mice with diabetic nephropathy.
Carob pod insoluble fiber exerts anti-atherosclerotic effects in rabbits through sirtuin-1 and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ coactivator-1α.
Green tea, black tea, and oolong tea polyphenols reduce visceral fat and inflammation in mice fed high-fat, high-sucrose obesogenic diets.
Predominant role of GIP in the development of a metabolic syndrome-like phenotype in female Wistar rats submitted to forced catch-up growth.
Diet-dependent gene expression in honey bees: honey vs. sucrose or high fructose corn syrup.
Salvianolic acid B inhibited PPARγ expression and attenuated weight gain in mice with high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Polyphenol-rich blackcurrant extract prevents inflammation in diet-induced obese mice.
Allyl isothiocyanate ameliorates insulin resistance through the regulation of mitochondrial function.
Dietary glycaemic load associated with cognitive performance in elderly subjects.
p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase is involved in arginase-II-mediated eNOS-uncoupling in obesity.
Amylin modulates the mesolimbic dopamine system to control energy balance.
Supplementation of Vitis thunbergii root extract alleviated high-fat diet-induced obesity in C57BL/6J mice.
High dietary lipid level is associated with persistent hyperglycaemia and downregulation of muscle Akt-mTOR pathway in Senegalese sole (Solea senegalensis).
Effects of beraprost sodium on renal function and inflammatory factors of rats with diabetic nephropathy.
Cardiovascular mortality: how can it be prevented?
Characteristic, polymorphism and expression distribution of LCAT gene in a Mongolian gerbil model for hyperlipidemia.
Theasaponin E₁ as an effective ingredient for anti-angiogenesis and anti-obesity effects.
Amyloidogenic peptide oligomer accumulation in autophagy-deficient β cells induces diabetes.
Human IAPP-induced pancreatic β cell toxicity and its regulation by autophagy.
Attenuation by a Vigna nakashimae extract of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Combined vildagliptin and metformin exert better cardioprotection than monotherapy against ischemia-reperfusion injury in obese-insulin resistant rats.
Cavin-3 knockout mice show that cavin-3 is not essential for caveolae formation, for maintenance of body composition, or for glucose tolerance.
Reduction of AMPK activity and altered MAPKs signalling in peripheral blood mononuclear cells in response to acute glucose ingestion following a short-term high fat diet in young healthy men.
Long-term therapeutic silencing of miR-33 increases circulating triglyceride levels and hepatic lipid accumulation in mice.
Effect of metformin on metabolic improvement and gut microbiota.
Inhibition of Notch signaling promotes browning of white adipose tissue and ameliorates obesity.
Impacts of dietary fat level and saturation when feeding distillers grains to high producing dairy cows.
Fucosylated chondroitin sulfate from sea cucumber improves insulin sensitivity via activation of PI3K/PKB pathway.
Augmented endothelial-specific L-arginine transport prevents obesity-induced hypertension.
Cereal byproducts have prebiotic potential in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Attenuation of early atherosclerotic lesions by immunotolerance with β2 glycoprotein I and the immunomodulatory effectors interleukin 2 and 10 in a murine model.
Effect of the addition of soy flour on sensory quality of extrusion and conventionally cooked cassava complementary porridges.
Gamma-tocotrienol attenuates high-fat diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance by inhibiting adipose inflammation and M1 macrophage recruitment.
Endocrinization of FGF1 produces a neomorphic and potent insulin sensitizer.
Free fatty acids and IL-6 induce adipocyte galectin-3 which is increased in white and brown adipose tissues of obese mice.
The PPARα-FGF21 hormone axis contributes to metabolic regulation by the hepatic JNK signaling pathway.
Dietary-induced obesity disrupts trace fear conditioning and decreases hippocampal reelin expression.
Animal models are reliably mimicking human diseases? A morphological study that compares animal with human NAFLD.
Progression and reversal of coronary and mesenteric vascular dysfunction associated with obesity.
Phenylpropenoic acid glucoside augments pancreatic beta cell mass in high-fat diet-fed mice and protects beta cells from ER stress-induced apoptosis.
Postprandial cell defense system responses to meal formulations: stratification through gene expression profiling.
Impact of the prorenin/renin receptor on the development of obesity and associated cardiometabolic risk factors.
Effect of dietary fat modification on subcutaneous white adipose tissue insulin sensitivity in patients with metabolic syndrome.
Effect of the amount and type of dietary fat on cardiometabolic risk factors and risk of developing type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, and cancer: a systematic review.
Dietary Lycium barbarum polysaccharide induces Nrf2/ARE pathway and ameliorates insulin resistance induced by high-fat via activation of PI3K/AKT signaling.
The establishment of metabolic syndrome model by induction of fructose drinking water in male Wistar rats.
Safety, efficacy and toxicological evaluation of a novel, patented anti-diabetic extract of Trigonella Foenum-Graecum seed extract (Fenfuro).
[Effect of Chinese herbs for stasis removing and collaterals dredging upon angiotensin-converting enzyme 2-angiotensin-(1-7)-mas axis in the renal cortex of diabetic nephropathy rats].
A novel method to establish a rat ED model using internal iliac artery ligation combined with hyperlipidemia.
Quercetin decreases high-fat diet induced body weight gain and accumulation of hepatic and circulating lipids in mice.
The effects of poly-unsaturated fatty acids on the physiology of hibernation in a South American marsupial, Dromiciops gliroides.
Perforin is a novel immune regulator of obesity-related insulin resistance.
Pancreastatin-dependent inflammatory signaling mediates obesity-induced insulin resistance.
Supplementation dietary zinc levels on growth performance, carcass traits, and intramuscular fat deposition in weaned piglets.
Use of dried stoned olive pomace in the feeding of lactating buffaloes: effect on the quantity and quality of the milk produced.
Effects of dietary thiazolidinedione supplementation on growth performance, intramuscular fat and related genes mRNA abundance in the longissimus dorsi muscle of finishing pigs.
Influence of protein and energy level in finishing diets for feedlot hair lambs: growth performance, dietary energetics and carcass characteristics.
Effect of Free-range Rearing on Meat Composition, Physical Properties and Sensory Evaluation in Taiwan Game Hens.
Intrauterine nutrition: long-term consequences for vascular health.
Inhibitory effects of Rubi Fructus extracts on hepatic steatosis development in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
siRNA-mediated silencing of Wnt5a regulates inflammatory responses in atherosclerosis through the MAPK/NF-κB pathways.
Lomitapide for the management of homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia.
Protective effects and mechanisms of total alkaloids of Rubus alceaefolius Poir on non‑alcoholic fatty liver disease in rats.
Early-onset type 2 diabetes impairs skeletal acquisition in the male TALLYHO/JngJ mouse.
Overexpression of PPARγ specifically in pancreatic β-cells exacerbates obesity-induced glucose intolerance, reduces β-cell mass, and alters islet lipid metabolism in male mice.
Vitamin D protects against diet-induced obesity by enhancing fatty acid oxidation.
Palmitic acid in the sn-2 position of dietary triacylglycerols does not affect insulin secretion or glucose homeostasis in healthy men and women.
Influence of dietary saturated fat intake on endothelial fibrinolytic capacity in adults.
Acute and perinatal programming effects of a fat-rich diet on rat muscle mitochondrial function and hepatic lipid accumulation.
High animal fat intake enhances prostate cancer progression and reduces glutathione peroxidase 3 expression in early stages of TRAMP mice.
Food, food choice and nutrition promotion in a remote Australian Aboriginal community.
A phase 1 study to evaluate effect of food on veliparib pharmacokinetics and relative bioavailability in subjects with solid tumors.
Deleted in breast cancer 1 limits adipose tissue fat accumulation and plays a key role in the development of metabolic syndrome phenotype.
Consumption of a high-fat diet abrogates inhibitory effects of methylseleninic acid on spontaneous metastasis of Lewis lung carcinoma in mice.
Antihyperglycemic and Anti-Inflammatory Effects of Standardized Curcuma xanthorrhiza Roxb. Extract and Its Active Compound Xanthorrhizol in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Ameliorating Effect of Mycoleptodonoides aitchisonii on High-fat Diet-induced Obese Mice.
Anti-hyperglycaemic effect of Phragmenthera austroarabica A.G.Mill. &amp; J.A.Nyberg extract in streptozotocin-induced diabetes in rats.
The effect of iron and fat in a diet containing green tea extract (Camellia sinensis) on the antioxidant capacity of some organs and the mRNA expression of specific genes in mice.
Rapid weight loss alters muscular performance and perceived exertion as well as postural control in elite wrestlers.
A small amount of dietary carbohydrate can promote the HFD-induced insulin resistance to a maximal level.
Weight loss herbal intervention therapy (W-LHIT) a non-appetite suppressing natural product controls weight and lowers cholesterol and glucose levels in a murine model.
Gender differences in the expression of genes involved during cardiac development in offspring from dams on high fat diet.
Aqueous extract of post-fermented tea reverts the hepatic steatosis of hyperlipidemia rat by regulating the lipogenic genes expression and hepatic fatty acid composition.
Targeted reduction of vascular Msx1 and Msx2 mitigates arteriosclerotic calcification and aortic stiffness in LDLR-deficient mice fed diabetogenic diets.
Maternal high-protein or high-prebiotic-fiber diets affect maternal milk composition and gut microbiota in rat dams and their offspring.
[Lentiviral-mediated RNA interference of LXRα gene in donor rats with fatty liver enhances liver graft function after transplantation].
Aronia melanocarpa treatment and antioxidant status in selected tissues in Wistar rats.
Peripheral blood mononuclear cells as in vivo model for dietary intervention induced systemic oxidative stress.
Arginase inhibition ameliorates hepatic metabolic abnormalities in obese mice.
Effects of Jamaican bitter yam (Dioscorea polygonoides) and diosgenin on blood and fecal cholesterol in rats.
Mitochondrial dysfunction and oxidative damage in the brain of diet-induced obese rats but not in diet-resistant rats.
Anti-hyperglycemic activity of rutin in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats: an effect mediated through cytokines, antioxidants and lipid biomarkers.
[The effect of diet ratio of polyunsaturated fatty acids of omega-3 and omega-6 families on activity of aminotransferases and gamma-glutamyltransferase in rat blood serum].
The impact of intermittent and repetitive cold stress exposure on endoplasmic reticulum stress and instability of atherosclerotic plaques.
Developmental programming of appetite/satiety.
Tis7 deletion reduces survival and induces intestinal anastomotic inflammation and obstruction in high-fat diet-fed mice with short bowel syndrome.
Two novel glucagon receptor antagonists prove effective therapeutic agents in high-fat-fed and obese diabetic mice.
Characterization of lipid-rich aortic plaques by intravascular photoacoustic tomography: ex vivo and in vivo validation in a rabbit atherosclerosis model with histologic correlation.
Association of GLP-1 secretion with anti-hyperlipidemic effect of ginsenosides in high-fat diet fed rats.
Shifts in dietary carbohydrate-lipid exposure regulate expression of the non-alcoholic fatty liver disease-associated gene PNPLA3/adiponutrin in mouse liver and HepG2 human liver cells.
A link between hepatic glucose production and peripheral energy metabolism via hepatokines.
Methyl-donor supplementation in obese mice prevents the progression of NAFLD, activates AMPK and decreases acyl-carnitine levels.
Formation of electrophilic oxidation products from mitochondrial cardiolipin in vitro and in vivo in the context of apoptosis and atherosclerosis.
Potential probiotic Bifidobacterium animalis ssp. lactis 420 prevents weight gain and glucose intolerance in diet-induced obese mice.
Effect of omega-3 fatty acids on haemostatic functions in urocortin-treated obese rats.
Exercise alters liver mitochondria phospholipidomic profile and mitochondrial activity in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
PPARβ/δ prevents endoplasmic reticulum stress-associated inflammation and insulin resistance in skeletal muscle cells through an AMPK-dependent mechanism.
Safety and efficacy of a multiphase dietetic protocol with meal replacements including a step with very low calorie diet.
Diet-induced maternal obesity alters ovarian morphology and gene expression in the adult mouse offspring.
Retinaldehyde dehydrogenase 1 deficiency inhibits PPARγ-mediated bone loss and marrow adiposity.
Regulation of adipokines by polyunsaturated fatty acids in a rat model of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Effects of micro-amounts of Porphyromonas gingivalis lipopolysaccharide on rabbit inflammatory immune response and development of atherosclerosis.
The ER-associated degradation adaptor protein Sel1L regulates LPL secretion and lipid metabolism.
Silybin reduces obliterated retinal capillaries in experimental diabetic retinopathy in rats.
Blockade of interleukin 6 signalling ameliorates systemic insulin resistance through upregulation of glucose uptake in skeletal muscle and improves hepatic steatosis in high-fat diet fed mice.
Extract of Irish potatoes (Solanum tuberosum L.) decreases body weight gain and adiposity and improves glucose control in the mouse model of diet-induced obesity.
Cardiac dysfunction and peri-weaning mortality in malonyl-coenzyme A decarboxylase (MCD) knockout mice as a consequence of restricting substrate plasticity.
The mitochondrial-targeted antioxidant MitoQ ameliorates metabolic syndrome features in obesogenic diet-fed rats better than Apocynin or Allopurinol.
The expression of calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II in the dorsal horns of rats with type 1 and type 2 diabetes.
Role of advanced glycation end-products in obesity-related ovarian dysfunction.
Migrant youth's emerging dietary patterns in Haiti: the role of peer social engagement.
Striatal dopamine homeostasis is altered in mice following Roux-en-Y gastric bypass surgery.
The mechanisms of Fenretinide-mediated anti-cancer activity and prevention of obesity and type-2 diabetes.
Flavone composition and antihypercholesterolemic and antihyperglycemic activities of Chrysanthemum coronarium L.
[Research advances in the effects of excise and diet on LPL and its mechanism].
The effects of nutrition-induced abnormal food metabolism in the Southern Plains woodrat (Neotoma micropus): comparisons of variations of the Western diet.
The effects of low-, medium-, and high-oil distillers dried grains with solubles on growth performance, nutrient digestibility, and fat quality in finishing pigs.
Trigonelline and diosgenin attenuate ER stress, oxidative stress-mediated damage in pancreas and enhance adipose tissue PPARγ activity in type 2 diabetic rats.
Impaired adiponectin signaling contributes to disturbed catabolism of branched-chain amino acids in diabetic mice.
Adiponectin stimulates autophagy and reduces oxidative stress to enhance insulin sensitivity during high-fat diet feeding in mice.
A very low-carbohydrate, low-saturated fat diet for type 2 diabetes management: a randomized trial.
12-lipoxygenase promotes obesity-induced oxidative stress in pancreatic islets.
Contribution of protein, starch, and fat to the apparent ileal digestible energy of corn- and wheat-based broiler diets in response to exogenous xylanase and amylase without or with protease.
Weight Loss Reversed Obesity-Induced HGF/c-Met Pathway and Basal-Like Breast Cancer Progression.
Capsaicin induces 'brite' phenotype in differentiating 3T3-L1 preadipocytes.
A cell-type-specific role for murine Commd1 in liver inflammation.
Molecular targets of the multifunctional iron-chelating drug, M30, in the brains of mouse models of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Exosomes participate in the alteration of muscle homeostasis during lipid-induced insulin resistance in mice.
Beneficial effects of Ginkgo biloba extract on insulin signaling cascade, dyslipidemia, and body adiposity of diet-induced obese rats.
Effect of physical training on liver expression of activin A and follistatin in a nonalcoholic fatty liver disease model in rats.
In vivo assessment of antiretroviral therapy-associated side effects.
Perinatal exposure of mice to the pesticide DDT impairs energy expenditure and metabolism in adult female offspring.
The impact of restaurant consumption among US adults: effects on energy and nutrient intakes.
Dietary supplementation of chinese ginseng prevents obesity and metabolic syndrome in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Epidemiological evaluation regarding the role of cystic fibrosis as a risk factor for child malnutrition.
Changing dietary patterns in the Canadian Arctic: frequency of consumption of foods and beverages by inuit in three Nunavut communities.
Antihyperlipidemic and hepatoprotective activities of mycelia zinc polysaccharide from Pholiota nameko SW-02.
Antagonistic effect of TNF-alpha and insulin on uncoupling protein 2 (UCP-2) expression and vascular damage.
Dynamic profile and adipogenic role of growth differentiation factor 5 (GDF5) in the differentiation of 3T3-L1 preadipocytes.
A high-fat diet increases oxidative renal injury and protein glycation in D-galactose-induced aging rats and its prevention by Korea red ginseng.
The influence of nutrition on the insulin-like growth factor system and the concentrations of growth hormone, glucose, insulin, gonadotropins and progesterone in ovarian follicular fluid and plasma from adult female horses (Equus caballus).
Arginase inhibition restores endothelial function in diet-induced obesity.
Effects of probiotic yogurt on fat distribution and gene expression of proinflammatory factors in peripheral blood mononuclear cells in overweight and obese people with or without weight-loss diet.
High-fat diet-related stimulation of sweetness desire is greater in women than in men despite high vegetable intake.
Cross-sectional association between cigarette smoking and abdominal obesity among Austrian bank employees.
A polyphenol-rich cranberry extract protects from diet-induced obesity, insulin resistance and intestinal inflammation in association with increased Akkermansia spp. population in the gut microbiota of mice.
Metabolic and inflammatory responses to different caloric loads of a high-fat meal are distinct between normal-weight and obese individuals.
A dietary biomarker approach captures compliance and cardiometabolic effects of a healthy Nordic diet in individuals with metabolic syndrome.
Postnatal prebiotic fiber intake in offspring exposed to gestational protein restriction has sex-specific effects on insulin resistance and intestinal permeability in rats.
[Dietary patterns of urban residents from 1982 to 2012 in Hunan].
Decreasing mitochondrial fission alleviates hepatic steatosis in a murine model of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Post-weaning diet determines metabolic risk in mice exposed to overnutrition in early life.
A randomized trial on the optimization of 18F-FDG myocardial uptake suppression: implications for vulnerable coronary plaque imaging.
Identification of Differentially Expressed Proteins in Liver in Response to Subacute Ruminal Acidosis (SARA) Induced by High-concentrate Diet.
Fibroblast growth factor 21 limits lipotoxicity by promoting hepatic fatty acid activation in mice on methionine and choline-deficient diets.
Pterostilbene, a dimethyl ether derivative of resveratrol, reduces fat accumulation in rats fed an obesogenic diet.
Ventromedial hypothalamus-specific Ptpn1 deletion exacerbates diet-induced obesity in female mice.
PPARγ ablation sensitizes proopiomelanocortin neurons to leptin during high-fat feeding.
Supplementation with methyl donors during lactation to high-fat-sucrose-fed dams protects offspring against liver fat accumulation when consuming an obesogenic diet.
Metabolic determinants of body weight after cats were fed a low-carbohydrate high-protein diet or a high-carbohydrate low-protein diet ad libitum for 8 wk.
Advanced onset of puberty after metformin therapy in swine with thrifty genotype.
Elevated GH/IGF-I promotes mammary tumors in high-fat, but not low-fat, fed mice.
Lipocalin-2 (LCN2) regulates PLIN5 expression and intracellular lipid droplet formation in the liver.
Cardiac diastolic dysfunction in high-fat diet fed mice is associated with lipotoxicity without impairment of cardiac energetics in vivo.
Echinocystic acid, isolated from Gleditsia sinensis fruit, protects endothelial progenitor cells from damage caused by oxLDL via the Akt/eNOS pathway.
Green tea extract improves high fat diet-induced hypothalamic inflammation, without affecting the serotoninergic system.
Elevated concentrate-to-forage ratio in dairy cow rations is associated with a shift in the diameter of milk fat globules and remodeling of their membranes.
Mitigating efficacy of piperine in the physiological derangements of high fat diet induced obesity in Sprague Dawley rats.
Eugenol ameliorates hepatic steatosis and fibrosis by down-regulating SREBP1 gene expression via AMPK-mTOR-p70S6K signaling pathway.
Diet and gene interactions influence the skeletal response to polyunsaturated fatty acids.
Yerba Mate (Ilex paraguariensis) modulates NF-kappaB pathway and AKT expression in the liver of rats fed on a high-fat diet.
Antidiabetic and antioxidative effect of jiang tang xiao ke granule in high-fat diet and low-dose streptozotocin induced diabetic rats.
Total fat consumption and pancreatic cancer risk: a meta-analysis of epidemiologic studies.
Beneficial effects of heat-treated Enterococcus faecalis FK-23 on high-fat diet-induced hepatic steatosis in mice.
Meat goat kids finished on alfalfa, red clover or orchardgrass pastures: carcass merit and meat quality.
[Effects of soothing liver and invigorating spleen recipes on SREBP-1c, SCD-1 mRNA and proteins expression in hepatocytes of NAFLD rats].
Adequate dietary intake and nutritional status in patients with nephrolithiasis: new targets and objectives.
The reliability of an adolescent dietary pattern identified using reduced-rank regression: comparison of a FFQ and 3 d food record.
Food insecurity is inversely associated with diet quality of lower-income adults.
PTEN deletion in pancreatic α-cells protects against high-fat diet-induced hyperglucagonemia and insulin resistance.
Linking obesity with type 2 diabetes: the role of T-bet.
Partial deletion of eNOS gene causes hyperinsulinemic state, unbalance of cardiac insulin signaling pathways and coronary dysfunction independently of high fat diet.
Molecular mechanisms underlying fasting modulated liver insulin sensitivity and metabolism in male lipodystrophic Bscl2/Seipin-deficient mice.
Ablation of the GNB3 gene in mice does not affect body weight, metabolism or blood pressure, but causes bradycardia.
[Research on therapeutic effect of yangganjiejiu prescription on alcoholic fatty liver and its mechanism].
[The diet in improving fertility in women].
High fat and/or high salt intake during pregnancy alters maternal meta-inflammation and offspring growth and metabolic profiles.
Associations between socio-economic status and school-day dietary intake in a sample of grade 5-8 students in Vancouver, Canada.
A novel 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type1 inhibitor CNX-010-49 improves hyperglycemia, lipid profile and reduces body weight in diet induced obese C57B6/J mice with a potential to provide cardio protective benefits.
Efficacy of yogurt drink with added plant stanol esters (Benecol®, Colanta) in reducing total and LDL cholesterol in subjects with moderate hypercholesterolemia: a randomized placebo-controlled crossover trial NCT01461798.
High-fat meals rich in EPA plus DHA compared with DHA only have differential effects on postprandial lipemia and plasma 8-isoprostane F2α concentrations relative to a control high-oleic acid meal: a randomized controlled trial.
Fructose, high-fructose corn syrup, sucrose, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease or indexes of liver health: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Normal roles for dietary fructose in carbohydrate metabolism.
High-fat diet induces significant metabolic disorders in a mouse model of polycystic ovary syndrome.
A novel non-agonist peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ (PPARγ) ligand UHC1 blocks PPARγ phosphorylation by cyclin-dependent kinase 5 (CDK5) and improves insulin sensitivity.
HIS-388, a novel orally active and long-acting 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 inhibitor, ameliorates insulin sensitivity and glucose intolerance in diet-induced obesity and nongenetic type 2 diabetic murine models.
Nutrients, Clock Genes, and Chrononutrition.
Combination of alcohol and fructose exacerbates metabolic imbalance in terms of hepatic damage, dyslipidemia, and insulin resistance in rats.
Proteomic white adipose tissue analysis of obese mice fed with a high-fat diet and treated with oral angiotensin-(1-7).
Antidiabetic effect of Lactobacillus casei CCFM0412 on mice with type 2 diabetes induced by a high-fat diet and streptozotocin.
Dan-gua fang improves glycolipid metabolic disorders by promoting hepatic adenosine 5'-monophosphate activated protein kinase expression in diabetic Goto-Kakizaki rats.
An interesterified palm olein test meal decreases early-phase postprandial lipemia compared to palm olein: a randomized controlled trial.
Alterations in neutrophil production and function at an early stage in the high-fructose rat model of metabolic syndrome.
AMPK-α2 is involved in exercise training-induced adaptations in insulin-stimulated metabolism in skeletal muscle following high-fat diet.
Systemic stiffening of mouse tail tendon is related to dietary advanced glycation end products but not high-fat diet or cholesterol.
Intermittent hypoxia and diet-induced obesity: effects on oxidative status, sympathetic tone, plasma glucose and insulin levels, and arterial pressure.
Effect of one month duration ketogenic and non-ketogenic high fat diets on mouse brain bioenergetic infrastructure.
Oleuropein attenuates visceral adiposity in high-fat diet-induced obese mice through the modulation of WNT10b- and galanin-mediated signalings.
The JPHC study: design and some findings on the typical Japanese diet.
Rosuvastatin activates ATP-binding cassette transporter A1-dependent efflux ex vivo and promotes reverse cholesterol transport in macrophage cells in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Weight loss and bone mineral density.
The secondary bile acid, deoxycholate accelerates intestinal adenoma-adenocarcinoma sequence in Apc (min/+) mice through enhancing Wnt signaling.
Abnormal serine phosphorylation of insulin receptor substrate 1 is associated with tau pathology in Alzheimer's disease and tauopathies.
High fat diet rescues disturbances to metabolic homeostasis and survival in the Id2 null mouse in a sex-specific manner.
Leptin modulates the late fever response to LPS in diet-induced obese animals.
Replacing corn silage with different forage millet silage cultivars: effects on milk yield, nutrient digestion, and ruminal fermentation of lactating dairy cows.
Ruminal degradation and intestinal digestibility of protein and amino acids in high-protein feedstuffs commonly used in dairy diets.
High fat, high sucrose diet causes cardiac mitochondrial dysfunction due in part to oxidative post-translational modification of mitochondrial complex II.
Effect of a low-starch/low-dairy diet on fat oxidation in overweight and obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Neuropeptide Y activity in the nucleus accumbens modulates feeding behavior and neuronal activity.
Rubi Fructus (Rubus coreanus) activates the expression of thermogenic genes in vivo and in vitro.
Effects of age and dietary soybean oil level on eggshell quality, bone strength and blood biochemistry in laying hens.
The effect of ghrelin antagonist (D-Lys3) GHRP-6 on ovariectomy-induced obesity in adult female albino rats.
Ethanolic extract of rhizome of Ligusticum chuanxiong Hort. (chuanxiong) enhances endothelium-dependent vascular reactivity in ovariectomized rats fed with high-fat diet.
Plasma adipocytokines and antioxidants-status in Korean overweight and obese females with dyslipidemia.
Moderate diet-induced weight loss is associated with improved insulin sensitivity in middle-aged healthy obese Korean women.
A novel method to identify fat malabsorption: the Serum Retinyl Palmitate Test.
The effects of fructose-containing sugars on weight, body composition and cardiometabolic risk factors when consumed at up to the 90th percentile population consumption level for fructose.
Dietary fructose reduction improves markers of cardiovascular disease risk in Hispanic-American adolescents with NAFLD.
Modulation of hunger and satiety: hormones and diet.
[Effects of electroacupuncture with manifestation-root acupoint combination on ultrastructure and biosynthesis in mitochondrial of quadriceps femoris in rats with insulin resistance].
Perinatal exposure to bisphenol A exacerbates nonalcoholic steatohepatitis-like phenotype in male rat offspring fed on a high-fat diet.
Melatonin normalizes clinical and biochemical parameters of mild inflammation in diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rats.
Functional characterization of cytochrome P450-derived epoxyeicosatrienoic acids in adipogenesis and obesity.
Triggering receptor expressed on myeloid cells 2 (TREM2) promotes adipogenesis and diet-induced obesity.
Changes in behavior and in brain glucose metabolism in rats after nine weeks on a high fat diet: a randomized controlled trial.
Sudachitin, a polymethoxylated flavone, improves glucose and lipid metabolism by increasing mitochondrial biogenesis in skeletal muscle.
Ameliorative effects of Monascus pilosus-fermented black soybean (Glycine max L. Merrill) on high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Ruscogenin protects against high-fat diet-induced nonalcoholic steatohepatitis in hamsters.
Vasodilator-stimulated phosphoprotein protects against vascular inflammation and insulin resistance.
TSLPR deficiency attenuates atherosclerotic lesion development associated with the inhibition of TH17 cells and the promotion of regulator T cells in ApoE-deficient mice.
Metabonomic analysis of the therapeutic effect of Potentilla discolor in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Perinatal protein malnutrition affects mitochondrial function in adult and results in a resistance to high fat diet-induced obesity.
Interleukin-22 alleviates metabolic disorders and restores mucosal immunity in diabetes.
Combination of intrauterine growth restriction and a high-fat diet impairs cholesterol elimination in rats.
Divergent effects of liraglutide, exendin-4, and sitagliptin on beta-cell mass and indicators of pancreatitis in a mouse model of hyperglycaemia.
Obesity does not lead to imbalance between myocardial phospholamban phosphorylation and dephosphorylation.
Macrophage mTORC1 disruption reduces inflammation and insulin resistance in obese mice.
AT1 receptor blockade alters nutritional and biometric development in obesity-resistant and obesity-prone rats submitted to a high fat diet.
Fistular onion stalk extract exhibits anti-atherosclerotic effects in rats.
The effect of the Ras homolog gene family (Rho), member A/Rho associated coiled-coil forming protein kinase pathway in atrial fibrosis of type 2 diabetes in rats.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus control and atherosclerosis prevention in a non-obese rat model using duodenal-jejunal bypass.
Naringin administration inhibits platelet aggregation and release by reducing blood cholesterol levels and the cytosolic free calcium concentration in hyperlipidemic rabbits.
Transplanted bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells protects myocardium by regulating 14-3-3 protein in a rat model of diabetic cardiomyopathy.
Urocortin 3 activates AMPK and AKT pathways and enhances glucose disposal in rat skeletal muscle.
Protective role of macrophage migration inhibitory factor in nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
Offspring body size and metabolic profile - effects of lifestyle intervention in obese pregnant women.
Low levels of low-density lipoprotein-C associated with proprotein convertase subtilisin kexin 9 inhibition do not increase the risk of hemorrhagic transformation.
Leptin-mediated inflammatory signaling crucially links visceral fat inflammation to obesity-associated β-cell dysfunction.
Alpha-lipoic acid improves high-fat diet-induced hepatic steatosis by modulating the transcription factors SREBP-1, FoxO1 and Nrf2 via the SIRT1/LKB1/AMPK pathway.
Preoperative dietary restriction reduces intimal hyperplasia and protects from ischemia-reperfusion injury.
Sub-chronically exposing mice to a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon increases lipid accumulation in their livers.
Dietary guideline adherence for gastroesophageal reflux disease.
Effects of a eucaloric reduced-carbohydrate diet on body composition and fat distribution in women with PCOS.
Combination of honokiol and magnolol inhibits hepatic steatosis through AMPK-SREBP-1 c pathway.
Nutrient analysis, metabolizable energy, and digestible amino acids of soybean meals of different origins for broilers.
Celastrol may have an anti-atherosclerosis effect in a rabbit experimental carotid atherosclerosis model.
Berberine attenuates autophagy in adipocytes by targeting BECN1.
Altering the intestinal microbiota during a critical developmental window has lasting metabolic consequences.
Dietary regimens modify early onset of obesity in mice haploinsufficient for Rai1.
Lipocalin 2 is a regulator of macrophage polarization and NF-κB/STAT3 pathway activation.
In vivo anti-hyperlipidemic activity of the triterpene from the stem bark of Protorhus longifolia (Benrh) Engl.
Lack of angiopoietin-like-2 expression limits the metabolic stress induced by a high-fat diet and maintains endothelial function in mice.
Anti-diabetic properties of Daphniphyllum macropodum fruit and its active compound.
Pretreatment of donor pigs with a diet rich in soybean oil increases the yield of isolated islets.
Short-term intensive atorvastatin therapy improves endothelial function partly via attenuating perivascular adipose tissue inflammation through 5-lipoxygenase pathway in hyperlipidemic rabbits.
Fiber intake and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 in type 2 diabetes: Look AHEAD (Action for Health in Diabetes) trial findings at baseline and year 1.
Changes of hepatic lipid mediators associated with intake of high-fat diet for 12 weeks in endotoxemic rats using LC-ESI-MS/MS.
MicroRNA-29b promotes high-fat diet-stimulated endothelial permeability and apoptosis in apoE knock-out mice by down-regulating MT1 expression.
Effect of Lys656Asn Polymorphism of Leptin Receptor Gene on Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Serum Adipokine Levels after a High Polyunsaturated Fat Diet in Obese Patients.
Snacks, beverages, vending machines, and school stores: a comparison of alternative and regular schools in Minnesota, 2002 to 2008.
Osteopontin deficiency does not prevent but promotes alcoholic neutrophilic hepatitis in mice.
The flavan-3-ol fraction of cocoa powder suppressed changes associated with early-stage metabolic syndrome in high-fat diet-fed rats.
ER stress cooperates with hypernutrition to trigger TNF-dependent spontaneous HCC development.
Effects of diet-induced obesity and voluntary exercise in a tauopathy mouse model: implications of persistent hyperleptinemia and enhanced astrocytic leptin receptor expression.
Clinical epidemiology of gastric cancer in Hehuang valley of China: a 10-year epidemiological study of gastric cancer.
Cartilage oligomeric matrix protein (COMP) in murine brachiocephalic and carotid atherosclerotic lesions.
A possible link between food and mood: dietary impact on gut microbiota and behavior in BALB/c mice.
Lactobacillus casei reduces susceptibility to type 2 diabetes via microbiota-mediated body chloride ion influx.
Immunization with malondialdehyde-modified low-density lipoprotein (LDL) reduces atherosclerosis in LDL receptor-deficient mice challenged with Porphyromonas gingivalis.
Analysis of high fat diet induced genes during mammary gland development: identifying role players in poor prognosis of breast cancer.
Associations between central obesity and asthma in children and adolescents: a case-control study.
Down-regulation of PPARα in the spinal cord contributes to augmented peripheral inflammation and inflammatory hyperalgesia in diet-induced obese rats.
Critical periods of increased fetal vulnerability to a maternal high fat diet.
Ruscogenin ameliorates experimental nonalcoholic steatohepatitis via suppressing lipogenesis and inflammatory pathway.
NLRP3 gene silencing ameliorates diabetic cardiomyopathy in a type 2 diabetes rat model.
Physical exercise restores microvascular function in obese rats with metabolic syndrome.
Genome-wide screen of promoter methylation identifies novel markers in diet-induced obese mice.
[Effect of zhenqing recipe on non-alcoholic fatty liver in type 2 diabetes rats and the expression of SIK1].
Thrombin inhibition with dabigatran protects against high-fat diet-induced fatty liver disease in mice.
Adipogenic changes of hepatocytes in a high-fat diet-induced fatty liver mice model and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease patients.
Muscle ectopic fat deposition contributes to anabolic resistance in obese sarcopenic old rats through eIF2α activation.
Effect of high-fat diet on rat myometrium during pregnancy-isolated myometrial mitochondria are not affected.
Role of dietary fats in the prevention and treatment of the metabolic syndrome.
Caffeamide 36-13 Regulates the Antidiabetic and Hypolipidemic Signs of High-Fat-Fed Mice on Glucose Transporter 4, AMPK Phosphorylation, and Regulated Hepatic Glucose Production.
Mipu1 overexpression protects macrophages from oxLDL-induced foam cell formation and cell apoptosis.
High-fat diet reduces neuroprotection of isoflurane post-treatment: Role of carboxyl-terminal modulator protein-Akt signaling.
Chronic high-fat diet increases acute neuroendocrine stress response independently of prenatal dexamethasone treatment in male rats.
Cardiac contractile function and mitochondrial respiration in diabetes-related mouse models.
Long-term globular adiponectin administration improves adipose tissue dysmetabolism in high-fat diet-fed Wistar rats.
Imaging cardiac sarcoidosis by cardiac positron emission tomography (PET): a local experience using a high-fat, low-to-no carbohydrate protocol.
CNX-013-B2, a unique pan tissue acting rexinoid, modulates several nuclear receptors and controls multiple risk factors of the metabolic syndrome without risk of hypertriglyceridemia, hepatomegaly and body weight gain in animal models.

Brain suppression of AP-1 by inhaled diesel exhaust and reversal by cerium oxide nanoparticles.
Sox17 regulates insulin secretion in the normal and pathologic mouse β cell.
The N-reductive system composed of mitochondrial amidoxime reducing component (mARC), cytochrome b5 (CYB5B) and cytochrome b5 reductase (CYB5R) is regulated by fasting and high fat diet in mice.
MicroRNA-378 controls classical brown fat expansion to counteract obesity.
Assessing parents' attitudes towards ketogenic dietary therapies.
Omega-3 fatty acid therapy dose-dependently and significantly decreased triglycerides and improved flow-mediated dilation, however, did not significantly improve insulin sensitivity in patients with hypertriglyceridemia.
Canonical Wnt signaling induces vascular endothelial dysfunction via p66Shc-regulated reactive oxygen species.
Palmitoleic acid (n-7) attenuates the immunometabolic disturbances caused by a high-fat diet independently of PPARα.
Baicalein Protects against Type 2 Diabetes via Promoting Islet β-Cell Function in Obese Diabetic Mice.
Metabolic profile response to administration of epigallocatechin-3-gallate in high-fat-fed mice.
Estradiol prevents fat accumulation and overcomes leptin resistance in female high-fat diet mice.
Short-term high-fat diet increases macrophage markers in skeletal muscle accompanied by impaired insulin signalling in healthy male subjects.
Risk factors for gallstone formation during weight loss.
Ablation of glucagon receptor signaling by peptide-based glucagon antagonists improves glucose tolerance in high fat fed mice.
The intake of a hazelnut skin extract improves the plasma lipid profile and reduces the lithocholic/deoxycholic bile acid faecal ratio, a risk factor for colon cancer, in hamsters fed a high-fat diet.
Effect of ursolic acid and Rosiglitazone combination on hepatic lipid accumulation in high fat diet-fed C57BL/6J mice.
Chronic activation of central AMPK attenuates glucose-stimulated insulin secretion and exacerbates hepatic insulin resistance in diabetic rats.
Analysis of chromosomal aberrations in murine HCC.
Prophylactic effect of baicalein against renal dysfunction in type 2 diabetic rats.
[Mycelium of Hirsutella hepiali Chen et Shen activates autophagy and protects against metabolic syndrome in mice fed with high fat diet].
Effects of conjugated linoleic acid supplementation and feeding level on dairy performance, milk fatty acid composition, and body fat changes in mid-lactation goats.
Decreased exposure of simvastatin and simvastatin acid in a rat model of type 2 diabetes.
Alpha-lipoic acid attenuates insulin resistance and improves glucose metabolism in high fat diet-fed mice.
Chemical-genetic induction of Malonyl-CoA decarboxylase in skeletal muscle.
Dephosphorylation of CCAAT/enhancer-binding protein β by protein phosphatase 2A containing B56δ is required at the early time of adipogenesis.
Grape seed procyanidin supplementation to rats fed a high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation increases the body fat content and modulates the inflammatory response and the adipose tissue metabolism of the male offspring in youth.
High-Fat-Diet-Induced Weight Gain Ameliorates Bone Loss without Exacerbating AβPP Processing and Cognition in Female APP/PS1 Mice.
AHNAK KO mice are protected from diet-induced obesity but are glucose intolerant.
Acute intractable vomiting and severe ketoacidosis secondary to the Dukan Diet©.
Postnatal overfeeding promotes early onset and exaggeration of high-fat diet-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease through disordered hepatic lipid metabolism in rats.
[Behaviors and brain glucose metabolism in a rat hyperlipidemia model with depression from chronic unpredictable mild stress].
Assessment of RANTES levels as the indicators of plaque vulnerability in rabbit models of atherosclerosis.
Human gut microbiota: does diet matter?
Resveratrol preserves mitochondrial function, stimulates mitochondrial biogenesis, and attenuates oxidative stress in regulatory T cells of mice fed a high-fat diet.
Yellow pea fiber improves glycemia and reduces Clostridium leptum in diet-induced obese rats.
Vertical sleeve gastrectomy restores glucose homeostasis in apolipoprotein A-IV KO mice.
Hyperglycemia in rodent models of type 2 diabetes requires insulin-resistant alpha cells.
Modulation of amino acid metabolic signatures by supplemented isoenergetic diets differing in protein and cereal fiber content.
Renal changes in the early stages of diet-induced obesity in ovariectomized rats.
A polyphenol rescues lipid induced insulin resistance in skeletal muscle cells and adipocytes.
Maternal high-fat diet modulates hepatic glucose, lipid homeostasis and gene expression in the PPAR pathway in the early life of offspring.
Impact of eating and drinking on body composition measurements by bioelectrical impedance.
Diet quality is associated with measures of body fat in adolescents from Otago, New Zealand.
Will metformin postpone high-fat diet promotion of TRAMP mouse prostate cancer development and progression?
DEP domain-containing mTOR-interacting protein in the rat brain: distribution of expression and potential implication.
Leptin restores the insulinotropic effect of exenatide in a mouse model of type 2 diabetes with increased adiposity induced by streptozotocin and high-fat diet.
High-fat diet-induced impairment of skeletal muscle insulin sensitivity is not prevented by SIRT1 overexpression.
Targeting steroid receptor coactivator 1 with antisense oligonucleotides increases insulin-stimulated skeletal muscle glucose uptake in chow-fed and high-fat-fed male rats.
Nutritional recommendations for water polo.
Extracts from Salvia-Nelumbinis naturalis alleviate hepatosteatosis via improving hepatic insulin sensitivity.
A high-protein diet is anti-steatotic and has no pro-inflammatory side effects in dyslipidaemic APOE2 knock-in mice.
The DPP-IV inhibitor linagliptin and GLP-1 induce synergistic effects on body weight loss and appetite suppression in the diet-induced obese rat.
Urinary metabolic fingerprinting of mice with diet-induced metabolic derangements by parallel dual secondary column-dual detection two-dimensional comprehensive gas chromatography.
Adipocyte ALK7 links nutrient overload to catecholamine resistance in obesity.
Deletion of leptin signaling in vagal afferent neurons results in hyperphagia and obesity.
Inactivation of SOCS3 in leptin receptor-expressing cells protects mice from diet-induced insulin resistance but does not prevent obesity.
The histone acetyltransferase MOF activates hypothalamic polysialylation to prevent diet-induced obesity in mice.
Diet-induced obesity promotes myelopoiesis in hematopoietic stem cells.
Quantification of the fat fraction in the liver using dual-energy computed tomography and multimaterial decomposition.
The National Environmental Respiratory Center (NERC) experiment in multi-pollutant air quality health research: IV. Vascular effects of repeated inhalation exposure to a mixture of five inorganic gases.
Insulin sensitivity is independent of lipid binding protein trafficking at the plasma membrane in human skeletal muscle: effect of a 3-day, high-fat diet.
A non-erythropoietic peptide derivative of erythropoietin decreases susceptibility to diet-induced insulin resistance in mice.
Molecular mechanism driving retroperitoneal adipocyte hypertrophy and hyperplasia in response to a high-sugar diet.
Effects of dietary medium-chain fatty acids on performance, carcass characteristics, and some serum parameters of broiler chickens.
Renal and Hepatic Function in Hypercholesterolemic Rats Fed Jamaican Bitter Yam (Dioscorea polygonoides).
[Metabolic syndrome].
Lack of cardiac and high-fat diet induced metabolic phenotypes in two independent strains of Vegf-b knockout mice.
Hippocampal GSK3β as a Molecular Link Between Obesity and Depression.
The effects of diet-induced obesity on B cell function.
Ketogenic diet sensitizes glucose control of hippocampal excitability.
The development of diet-induced obesity and glucose intolerance in C57BL/6 mice on a high-fat diet consists of distinct phases.
Effect of exposure to atmospheric ultrafine particles on production of free fatty acids and lipid metabolites in the mouse small intestine.
Diet-induced obesity modulates epigenetic responses to ionizing radiation in mice.
Intestinal epithelial cell toll-like receptor 5 regulates the intestinal microbiota to prevent low-grade inflammation and metabolic syndrome in mice.
Nutrition and cardiovascular health.
Dietary fatty acids alter left ventricular myocardial gene expression in Wistar rats.
High saturated fatty acid intake induces insulin secretion by elevating gastric inhibitory polypeptide levels in healthy individuals.
Amino acid, mineral, and polyphenolic profiles of black vinegar, and its lipid lowering and antioxidant effects in vivo.
The pecan nut (Carya illinoinensis) and its oil and polyphenolic fractions differentially modulate lipid metabolism and the antioxidant enzyme activities in rats fed high-fat diets.
Effect of feeding a negative dietary cation-anion difference diet for an extended time prepartum on postpartum serum and urine metabolites and performance.
Effects of feeding lutein on production performance, antioxidative status, and milk quality of high-yielding dairy cows.
Alfalfa baleage with increased concentration of nonstructural carbohydrates supplemented with a corn-based concentrate did not improve production and nitrogen utilization in early lactation dairy cows.
Obese-type gut microbiota induce neurobehavioral changes in the absence of obesity.
Protein kinase-D1 overexpression prevents lipid-induced cardiac insulin resistance.
Sortilin deficiency improves the metabolic phenotype and reduces hepatic steatosis of mice subjected to diet-induced obesity.
High-fat-diet-mediated dysbiosis promotes intestinal carcinogenesis independently of obesity.
Differential PI3K signal transduction in obesity-associated cardiac hypertrophy and response to ischemia.
The angiotensin-converting enzyme 2/angiotensin (1-7)/Mas axis protects the function of pancreatic β cells by improving the function of islet microvascular endothelial cells.
Feasibility and efficacy of menu planning combined with individual counselling to improve health outcomes and dietary adherence in people with type 2 diabetes: a pilot study.
Proteomic analysis of livers from fat-fed mice deficient in either PKCδ or PKCε identifies Htatip2 as a regulator of lipid metabolism.
[Biochemical and pathological analysis of mice with type 2 diabetes mellitus induced by high-fat diet and low-dose streptozotocin injections].
Synthesis and biological evaluation of 3-methyl-5-phenylthieno[2,3-d]pyrimidine-2,4(1H,3H)-dione derivatives for the treatment of diet-induced obesity.
Expression of CTRP3, a novel adipokine, in rats at different pathogenic stages of type 2 diabetes mellitus and the impacts of GLP-1 receptor agonist on it.
Hypoglycemic effect of catalpol on high-fat diet/streptozotocin-induced diabetic mice by increasing skeletal muscle mitochondrial biogenesis.
Effects of low-carbohydrate and low-fat diets: a randomized trial.
Genistein modulation of streptozotocin diabetes in male B6C3F1 mice can be induced by diet.
Effect of ghrelin receptor agonist and antagonist on the activity of arcuate nucleus tyrosine hydroxylase containing neurons in C57BL/6 male mice exposed to normal or high fat diet.
The effects of leptin in combination with a cannabinoid receptor 1 antagonist, AM 251, or cannabidiol on food intake and body weight in rats fed a high-fat or a free-choice high sugar diet.
Trends in dietary quality among adults in the United States, 1999 through 2010.
Lifestyle interventions for the treatment of gout: a summary of 2 Cochrane systematic reviews.
Using rumen probes to examine effects of conjugated linoleic acids and dietary concentrate proportion on rumen pH and rumen temperature of periparturient dairy cows.
Effects of an energy-restricted diet rich in plant-derived α-linolenic acid on systemic inflammation and endothelial function in overweight-to-obese patients with metabolic syndrome traits.
Potato chip intake increases ascorbic acid levels and decreases reactive oxygen species in SMP30/GNL knockout mouse tissues.
Increased gene expression of the cardiac endothelin system in obese mice.
Coprinus comatus cap inhibits adipocyte differentiation via regulation of PPARγ and Akt signaling pathway.
IL-37 protects against obesity-induced inflammation and insulin resistance.
High-fat meals induce systemic cytokine release without evidence of endotoxemia-mediated cytokine production from circulating monocytes or myeloid dendritic cells.
Oestradiol and diet modulate energy homeostasis and hypothalamic neurogenesis in the adult female mouse.
Alteration of NCoR corepressor splicing in mice causes increased body weight and hepatosteatosis without glucose intolerance.
Effects of hypoxic exercise training on microRNA expression and lipid metabolism in obese rat livers.
Salvianolic Acid a prevents the pathological progression of hepatic fibrosis in high-fat diet-fed and streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Bioavailability and hypolipidemic effects of peanut skin polyphenols.
Obesity versus osteoarthritis: beyond the mechanical overload.
Lard and/or canola oil-rich diets induce penile morphological alterations in a rat model.
Reference intervals for six lipid analytes in 8-14 year-old school children from three different ethnical groups in the Hulun Buir area of China.
Changes of serum osteocalcin, calcium, and potassium in a rat model of type 2 diabetes.
Diabetes mellitus type 2 and functional foods of plant origin.
5-Caffeoylquinic acid decreases diet-induced obesity in rats by modulating PPARα and LXRα transcription.
Short-term melatonin consumption protects the heart of obese rats independent of body weight change and visceral adiposity.
Adiponectin resistance and proinflammatory changes in the visceral adipose tissue induced by fructose consumption via ketohexokinase-dependent pathway.
PRMT3 regulates hepatic lipogenesis through direct interaction with LXRα.
Vasa vasorum anti-angiogenesis through H₂O₂, HIF-1α, NF-κB, and iNOS inhibition by mangosteen pericarp ethanolic extract (Garcinia mangostana Linn) in hypercholesterol-diet-given Rattus norvegicus Wistar strain.
Chlorogenic acid protects against atherosclerosis in ApoE-/- mice and promotes cholesterol efflux from RAW264.7 macrophages.
Combined endothelin a blockade and chlorthalidone treatment in a rat model of metabolic syndrome.
Impact of maternal dietary fat supplementation during gestation upon skeletal muscle in neonatal pigs.
Dioscin inhibits adipogenesis through the AMPK/MAPK pathway in 3T3-L1 cells and modulates fat accumulation in obese mice.
Adiponectin induces A20 expression in adipose tissue to confer metabolic benefit.
Up-regulation of the Sirtuin 1 (Sirt1) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ coactivator-1α (PGC-1α) genes in white adipose tissue of Id1 protein-deficient mice: implications in the protection against diet and age-induced glucose intolerance.
Mannoheptulose has differential effects on fasting and postprandial energy expenditure and respiratory quotient in adult Beagle dogs fed diets of different macronutrient contents.
Adverse effects of the 'Noakes' diet on dyslipidaemia.
Protein intake and lumbar bone density: the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA).
Effect of dietary lipids on circulating adiponectin: a systematic review with meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Westernized diets lower arsenic gastrointestinal bioaccessibility but increase microbial arsenic speciation changes in the colon.
High corn oil dietary intake improves health and longevity of aging mice.
Diets higher in protein predict lower high blood pressure risk in Framingham Offspring Study adults.
Adipose tissue chromium and vanadium disbalance in high-fat fed Wistar rats.
A meal replacement regimen improves blood glucose levels in prediabetic healthy individuals with impaired fasting glucose.
High fat diet induces specific pathological changes in hypothalamic orexin neurons in mice.
Adenosine protects Sprague Dawley rats from high-fat diet and repeated acute restraint stress-induced intestinal inflammation and altered expression of nutrient transporters.
Prolonged therapy with the soluble guanylyl cyclase activator BAY 60-2770 restores the erectile function in obese mice.
Ananas comosus L. Leaf Phenols and p-Coumaric Acid Regulate Liver Fat Metabolism by Upregulating CPT-1 Expression.
Variability in myosteatosis and insulin resistance induced by high-fat diet in mouse skeletal muscles.
Insulin detemir causes lesser weight gain in comparison to insulin glargine: role on hypothalamic NPY and galanin.
High carbohydrate and high fat diets protect the heart against ischaemia/reperfusion injury.
Atypical transforming growth factor-β signaling in the hypothalamus is linked to diabetes.
Early exposure of dams to a westernized diet has long-term consequences on food intake and physiometabolic homeostasis of the rat offspring.
You are what you eat, or are you? The challenges of translating high-fat-fed rodents to human obesity and diabetes.
Relationship between oxidative stress and bone mass in obesity and effects of berry supplementation on bone remodeling in obese male mice: an exploratory study.
Western diet in ApoE-LDLR double-deficient mouse model of atherosclerosis leads to hepatic steatosis, fibrosis, and tumorigenesis.
[Analysis of the effect of high glucose and high fat diet on the manufacturing of the experimental pre-diabetic rats model].
Effect of rye bread enriched with tomato pomace on fat absorption and lipid metabolism in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Brain amino acid sensing.
Ghrelin signalling in β-cells regulates insulin secretion and blood glucose.
Feeding lactating dairy cattle long hay separate from the total mixed ration can maintain dry matter intake during incidents of low rumen pH.
Akt1 isoform modulates phenotypic conversion of vascular smooth muscle cells.
Changing trends in the American diet and the rising prevalence of kidney stones.
Low-carbohydrate diets and cardiovascular and total mortality in Japanese: a 29-year follow-up of NIPPON DATA80.
Lifestyle patterns and dysglycaemic risk in urban Sri Lankan women.
Reported fried food consumption and the incidence of hypertension in a Mediterranean cohort: the SUN (Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra) project.
Cross-sectional association of dietary patterns with asthma and atopic sensitization in childhood - in a cohort study.
Gender-dependent resiliency to stressful and metabolic challenges following prenatal exposure to high-fat diet in the p66(Shc-/-) mouse.
Electroacupuncture decreases the leukocyte infiltration to white adipose tissue and attenuates inflammatory response in high fat diet-induced obesity rats.
The short-chain fatty acid uptake fluxes by mice on a guar gum supplemented diet associate with amelioration of major biomarkers of the metabolic syndrome.
[Development and evaluation of a high-fat/high-fructose diet-induced nonalcoholic steatohepatitis mouse model].
Impact of estrogens on atherosclerosis and bone in the apolipoprotein E-deficient mouse model.
Rutin ameliorates glycemic index, lipid profile and enzymatic activities in serum, heart and liver tissues of rats fed with a combination of hypercaloric diet and chronic ethanol consumption.
[Protective effect of formula of removing both phlegm and blood stasis on myocardial tissues of Chinese mini-swine with coronary heart disease of phlegm-stasis cementation syndrome].
Andrographolide prevents high-fat diet-induced obesity in C57BL/6 mice by suppressing the sterol regulatory element-binding protein pathway.
Synergistic metabolic benefits of an exenatide analogue and cholecystokinin in diet-induced obese and leptin-deficient rodents.
Effects of reduced β2-glycoprotein I on the expression of aortic matrix metalloproteinases and tissue inhibitor matrix metalloproteinases in diabetic mice.
Fibroblast growth factor-21 and the beneficial effects of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids.
Late gestation under- and overnutrition have differential impacts when combined with a post-natal obesogenic diet on glucose-lactate-insulin adaptations during metabolic challenges in adolescent sheep.
Fibroblast growth factor receptor 4 (FGFR4) deficiency improves insulin resistance and glucose metabolism under diet-induced obesity conditions.
Exercise before and during pregnancy prevents the deleterious effects of maternal high-fat feeding on metabolic health of male offspring.
Creatine reduces hepatic TG accumulation in hepatocytes by stimulating fatty acid oxidation.
Role of Ventromedial hypothalamus in high fat diet induced obesity in male rats: association with lipid profile, thyroid profile and insulin resistance.
Osthol attenuates hepatic steatosis via decreased triglyceride synthesis not by insulin resistance.
Mediterranean Way of Drinking and Longevity.
High consumption of farmed salmon does not disrupt the steady state of persistent organic pollutants (POP) in human plasma and adipose tissue.
Adhesion molecules and chemokines; relation to anthropometric, body composition, biochemical and dietary variables.
Anti-obese and anti-diabetic effects of a mixture of daidzin and glycitin on C57BL/6J mice fed with a high-fat diet.
Western diet and/or lifestyle: is this a big health problem?
Isoliquiritigenin is a potent inhibitor of NLRP3 inflammasome activation and diet-induced adipose tissue inflammation.
Efficacy and safety of a unique enteric-coated bicarbonate-buffered pancreatic enzyme replacement therapy in children and adults with cystic fibrosis.
Rosmarinic acid inhibits DMH-induced cell proliferation in experimental rats.
Effects of pioglitazone mediated activation of PPAR-γ on CIDEC and obesity related changes in mice.
Effect of curcumin on hepatic heme oxygenase 1 expression in high fat diet fed rats: is there a triangular relationship?
Three months of high-fructose feeding fails to induce excessive weight gain or leptin resistance in mice.
Loss of one copy of Zfp148 reduces lesional macrophage proliferation and atherosclerosis in mice by activating p53.
The effects of diet on occlusive coronary artery atherosclerosis and myocardial infarction in scavenger receptor class B, type 1/low-density lipoprotein receptor double knockout mice.
A vascular mechanism for high-sodium-induced insulin resistance in rats.
Dietary intervention rescues maternal obesity induced behavior deficits and neuroinflammation in offspring.
γδ T cells as a major source of IL-17 production during age-dependent RPE degeneration.
Shifts in microbiota species and fermentation products in a dietary model enriched in fat and sucrose.
Anti-hyperlipidemic and anti-oxidative effects of gelsemine in high-fat-diet-fed rabbits.
Effects of lipid-lowering pharmaceutical clofibrate on lipid and lipoprotein metabolism of grass carp (Ctenopharyngodon idellal Val.) fed with the high non-protein energy diets.
Inhibiting monoacylglycerol acyltransferase 1 ameliorates hepatic metabolic abnormalities but not inflammation and injury in mice.
Diet, gut microbes, and genetics in immune function: can we leverage our current knowledge to achieve better outcomes in inflammatory bowel diseases?
Cocoa protective effects against abnormal fat storage and oxidative stress induced by a high-fat diet involve PPARα signalling activation.
Vitamin D deficiency promotes nonalcoholic steatohepatitis through impaired enterohepatic circulation in animal model.
Interleukin 10-coated nanoparticle systems compared for molecular imaging of atherosclerotic lesions.
Discovery of a Potent 9-Deazaxanthine-based Agent for the Treatment of Obesity-Related Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Induction of body weight loss through RNAi-knockdown of APOBEC1 gene expression in transgenic rabbits.
Long-acting glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide ameliorates obesity-induced adipose tissue inflammation.
Fiscal incentives, behavior change and health promotion: what place in the health-in-all-policies toolkit?
Long-term intake of a high prebiotic fiber diet but not high protein reduces metabolic risk after a high fat challenge and uniquely alters gut microbiota and hepatic gene expression.
Diet and exercise orthogonally alter the gut microbiome and reveal independent associations with anxiety and cognition.
Short communication: Effect of commercial or depurinized milk diet on plasma advanced oxidation protein products, cardiovascular markers, and bone marrow CD34+ stem cell potential in rat experimental hyperuricemia.
[Effect of electroacupuncture stimulation of back-shu points on expression of TNF-alpha and lipid peroxidation reaction in the liver tissue in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease rats].
[Effect of acupuncture intervention on gastrointestinal motility and liver pathological changes in cirrhotic rats].
The influence of herbs, spices, and regular sausage and chicken consumption on liking of reduced fat breakfast and lunch items.
The effect of high-fat diet and streptozotocin-induced diabetes and endurance training on plasma levels of calcitonin gene-related peptide and lactate in rats.
Effects of beta3-adrenoceptor activation on the interaction between adrenoceptors and angiotensin II receptors in apolipoprotein E knockout mouse lung.
Omega-3 fatty acids reduce obesity-induced tumor progression independent of GPR120 in a mouse model of postmenopausal breast cancer.
Synthesis and biological evaluation of tert-butyl-5-methylpyrimidin-piperazine derivatives as anti-obesity agents.
Metabolomic analysis of simvastatin and fenofibrate intervention in high-lipid diet-induced hyperlipidemia rats.
High prevalence of metabolic syndrome among urban subjects in India: a multisite study.
The ketogenic diet and other dietary treatments for refractory epilepsy in children.
Cafeteria diet impairs expression of sensory-specific satiety and stimulus-outcome learning.
Xuemaitong granules attenuate carotid atherosclerosis by decreasing the expression of CD14+CD16+ monocytes, IL-6, TNF-α, and hsCRP.
Feeding a high-concentrate corn straw diet induced epigenetic alterations in the mammary tissue of dairy cows.
[Effect of Pi transportation, dampness resolving and phlegm expelling herbs on the obesity degree, fat hormones, and leptin resistance in diet-induced obesity rats].
Nutrition: high-fat diet and dysbiosis accelerate tumorigenesis in mice.
Comparing the effects of acute alcohol consumption in germ-free and conventional mice: the role of the gut microbiota.
Contrasting effects of cold acclimation versus obesogenic diets on chemerin gene expression in brown and brite adipose tissues.
Diet-induced obesity and low testosterone increase neuroinflammation and impair neural function.
Role of forkhead box protein A3 in age-associated metabolic decline.
Improvement of insulin sensitivity by isoenergy high carbohydrate traditional Asian diet: a randomized controlled pilot feasibility study.
The relationship between exercise,nutrition and type 2 diabetes.
Additive effects of gastric volumes and macronutrient composition on the sensation of postprandial fullness in humans.
Glutamine supplementation favors weight loss in nondieting obese female patients. A pilot study.
Postprandial enrichment of triacylglycerol-rich lipoproteins with omega-3 fatty acids: lack of an interaction with apolipoprotein E genotype?
Multiple micronutrient needs in pregnancy in industrialized countries.
No effect of high fat diet-induced obesity on spontaneous reporter gene mutations in gpt delta mice.
Resveratrol supplementation restores high-fat diet-induced insulin secretion dysfunction by increasing mitochondrial function in islet.
Association of dietary patterns with body mass index, waist circumference, and blood pressure in an adult population in Ahvaz, Iran.
Switching back to normal diet following high-fat diet feeding reduces cardiac vulnerability to ischaemia and reperfusion injury.
Metabolic reprogramming induced by ketone bodies diminishes pancreatic cancer cachexia.
Japanese herbal medicines shosaikoto, inchinkoto, and juzentaihoto inhibit high-fat diet-induced nonalcoholic steatohepatitis in db/db mice.
Hypolipidemic and antioxidative effects of aqueous enzymatic extract from rice bran in rats fed a high-fat and -cholesterol diet.
Diet, insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity--the Dose-Responses to Exercise Training (DR's EXTRA) Study (ISRCTN45977199).
Molecular signatures for obesity and associated disorders identified through partial least square regression models.
Metabolomic analysis of akt1-mediated muscle hypertrophy in models of diet-induced obesity and age-related fat accumulation.
Early development of calcific aortic valve disease and left ventricular hypertrophy in a mouse model of combined dyslipidemia and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Assessment of the prophylactic role of aspirin and/or clopidogrel on experimentally induced acute myocardial infarction in hypercholesterolemic rats.
Metabolic phenotypes of obesity influence triglyceride and inflammation homoeostasis.
Artificial sweeteners induce glucose intolerance by altering the gut microbiota.

Mitogen-activated protein kinase-activated protein kinase 2 deficiency reduces insulin sensitivity in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Finger millet bran supplementation alleviates obesity-induced oxidative stress, inflammation and gut microbial derangements in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Omega-3 carboxylic acids (Epanova): a review of its use in patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia.
Neuroprotective role of Indirubin-3'-monoxime, a GSKβ inhibitor in high fat diet induced cognitive impairment in mice.
Arginase 2 deficiency results in spontaneous steatohepatitis: a novel link between innate immune activation and hepatic de novo lipogenesis.
Overexpression of TNF-α converting enzyme promotes adipose tissue inflammation and fibrosis induced by high fat diet.
The rationality of the hypolipidemic effect of alismatis rhizoma decoction, a classical chinese medicine formula in high-fat diet-induced hyperlipidemic mice.
Rice koji reduced body weight gain, fat accumulation, and blood glucose level in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
The absence of GH signaling affects the susceptibility to high-fat diet-induced hypothalamic inflammation in male mice.
Weight loss by calorie restriction versus bariatric surgery differentially regulates the hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenocortical axis in male rats.
Diet-induced regulation of bitter taste receptor subtypes in the mouse gastrointestinal tract.
Comparison of methods to reduce myocardial 18F-FDG uptake in mice: calcium channel blockers versus high-fat diets.
Impact of wheat aleurone structure on metabolic disorders caused by a high-fat diet in mice.
Evaluation of in vitro and in vivo biological activities of Cheilanthes albomarginata Clarke.
[Measurement units used in treatments to reduce weight and obesity. Systematic review].
Downregulation of G protein-coupled receptor kinase 2 levels enhances cardiac insulin sensitivity and switches on cardioprotective gene expression patterns.
5α-Reductase type 1 deficiency or inhibition predisposes to insulin resistance, hepatic steatosis, and liver fibrosis in rodents.
Acute consumption of a high-fat diet prior to ischemia-reperfusion results in cardioprotection through NF-κB-dependent regulation of autophagic pathways.
CKIP-1 suppresses the adipogenesis of mesenchymal stem cells by enhancing HDAC1-associated repression of C/EBPα.
Saturated fatty acid-induced miR-195 impairs insulin signaling and glycogen metabolism in HepG2 cells.
Inhibitory effects of mesenchymal stem cells in intimal hyperplasia after balloon angioplasty.
Quality of diet is associated with insulin resistance in the Cree (Eeyouch) indigenous population of northern Québec.
The effect of tomato juice supplementation on biomarkers and gene expression related to lipid metabolism in rats with induced hepatic steatosis.
Hypolipidemic and antioxidant activity of aqueous extract of fruit of Withania coagulans (Stocks) Dunal in cholesterol-fed hyperlipidemic rabbit model.
Serum metabonomic analysis of apoE(-/-) mice reveals progression axes for atherosclerosis based on NMR spectroscopy.
Hepatic fatty acid uptake is regulated by the sphingolipid acyl chain length.
Noninvasive metabolic syndrome model using an extremely small minipig, the microminipig.
MicroRNA dysregulation in liver and pancreas of CMP-Neu5Ac hydroxylase null mice disrupts insulin/PI3K-AKT signaling.
Raloxifene prevents skeletal fragility in adult female Zucker Diabetic Sprague-Dawley rats.
Estrogen mediates metabolic syndrome-induced erectile dysfunction: a study in the rabbit.
The herbal composition GGEx18 from Laminaria japonica, Rheum palmatum, and Ephedra sinica inhibits visceral obesity and insulin resistance by upregulating visceral adipose genes involved in fatty acid oxidation.
The effect of different high-fat diets on erythrocyte osmotic fragility, growth performance and serum lipid concentrations in male, Japanese quail (Coturnix coturnix japonica).
One-week high-fat diet leads to reduced toll-like receptor 2 expression and function in young healthy men.
CYP2J2 targeting to endothelial cells attenuates adiposity and vascular dysfunction in mice fed a high-fat diet by reprogramming adipocyte phenotype.
Procyanidins and their healthy protective effects against type 2 diabetes.
Effect of Pleurotus tuber-regium polysaccharides supplementation on the progression of diabetes complications in obese-diabetic rats.
A randomised crossover trial of the acute effects of a deep-fried Mars bar or porridge on the cerebral vasculature.
Low carbohydrate diet from plant or animal sources and mortality among myocardial infarction survivors.
Do patients living with ulcerative colitis adhere to healthy eating guidelines? A cross-sectional study.
Genetically modified flax expressing NAP-SsGT1 transgene: examination of anti-inflammatory action.
Early oxidative shifts in mouse skeletal muscle morphology with high-fat diet consumption do not lead to functional improvements.
Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol changes in middle-aged obese men with and without metabolic syndrome during weight loss.
Chlorogenic acid improves high fat diet-induced hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in mice.
Macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF) knockout preserves cardiac homeostasis through alleviating Akt-mediated myocardial autophagy suppression in high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Transducin-like enhancer of split 3 (TLE3) in adipose tissue is increased in situations characterized by decreased PPARγ gene expression.
Chronic high-fat diet-induced obesity decreased survival and increased hypertrophy of rats with experimental eccentric hypertrophy from chronic aortic regurgitation.
Adipocyte ATP-binding cassette G1 promotes triglyceride storage, fat mass growth, and human obesity.
B-1a lymphocytes attenuate insulin resistance.
Hypolipidemic and antioxidant activity of enoki mushrooms (Flammulina velutipes).
Xanthene derivatives increase glucose utilization through activation of LKB1-dependent AMP-activated protein kinase.
Reduced dietary omega-6 to omega-3 fatty acid ratio and 12/15-lipoxygenase deficiency are protective against chronic high fat diet-induced steatohepatitis.
Lkb1 deletion promotes ectopic lipid accumulation in muscle progenitor cells and mature muscles.
Deletion of serum amyloid A3 improves high fat high sucrose diet-induced adipose tissue inflammation and hyperlipidemia in female mice.
Vitamin D suppresses leptin stimulation of cancer growth through microRNA.
Global metabolite profiling of mice with high-fat diet-induced obesity chronically treated with AMPK activators R118 or metformin reveals tissue-selective alterations in metabolic pathways.
Effect of crude degummed canola oil and ad libitum grazing on plasma metabolites of primiparous Holstein-Friesian cows in a pasture-based system.
Dietary energy sources affect the partition of body lipids and the hierarchy of energy metabolic pathways in growing pigs differing in feed efficiency.
Hypoglycemic, hypolipidemic and antioxidant effects of Sarcandra glabra polysaccharide in type 2 diabetic mice.
Effect of Corncob bedding on feed conversion efficiency in a high-fat diet-induced prediabetic model in C57Bl/6J mice.
An evolutionarily conserved role for the aryl hydrocarbon receptor in the regulation of movement.
Dietary fatty acids and risk of coronary heart disease in men: the Kuopio Ischemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study.
Shc depletion stimulates brown fat activity in vivo and in vitro.
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in yogurt samples.
Triterpene alcohols and sterols from rice bran lower postprandial glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide release and prevent diet-induced obesity in mice.
Mitigation of autophagy ameliorates hepatocellular damage following ischemia-reperfusion injury in murine steatotic liver.
The supplementation of Korean mistletoe water extracts reduces hot flushes, dyslipidemia, hepatic steatosis, and muscle loss in ovariectomized rats.
Antidiabetic Effect of Methanolic Extract from Berberis julianae Schneid. via Activation of AMP-Activated Protein Kinase in Type 2 Diabetic Mice.
Carbimazole inhibits TNF-α expression in Fat-induced hypothyroidism.
Choline requirements of White Pekin ducks from hatch to 21 days of age.
High-fat diet decreases activity of the oxidative phosphorylation complexes and causes nonalcoholic steatohepatitis in mice.
Fatty acid sensing in the gut and the hypothalamus: in vivo and in vitro perspectives.
Gluten sensitivity: new epidemic or new myth? Every major change in our diet carries with it the possibility of unforeseen risks.
Preservation of a traditional Korean dietary pattern and emergence of a fruit and dairy dietary pattern among adults in South Korea: secular transitions in dietary patterns of a prospective study from 1998 to 2010.
Diabetes mellitus and abnormal glucose tolerance development after gestational diabetes: A three-year, prospective, randomized, clinical-based, Mediterranean lifestyle interventional study with parallel groups.
Advanced oxidation protein products exacerbates lipid accumulation and atherosclerosis through downregulation of ATP-binding cassette transporter A1 and G1 expression in apolipoprotein E knockout mice.
Modulation of plasma N-acylethanolamine levels and physiological parameters by dietary fatty acid composition in humans.
Dietary high-fat lard intake induces thyroid dysfunction and abnormal morphology in rats.
[Ultrasmall superparamagnetic iron oxide-enhanced magnetic resonance angiography combined with inflammatory factors for detecting atherosclerotic plaques in rabbits].
[Meilian Xiaoke capsule combined with metformin for protecting islet cells and lowering blood glucose in diabetic rats].
Impaired VLDL assembly: a novel mechanism contributing to hepatic lipid accumulation following ovariectomy and high-fat/high-cholesterol diets?
Effect of total mixed ration composition and daily grazing pattern on milk production, composition and fatty acids profile of dairy cows.
MDG-1, a polysaccharide from Ophiopogon japonicus, prevents high fat diet-induced obesity and increases energy expenditure in mice.
Associations of dietary patterns with metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance: a cross-sectional study in a Japanese population.
A high multivitamin diet fed to Wistar rat dams during pregnancy increases maternal weight gain later in life and alters homeostatic, hedonic and peripheral regulatory systems of energy balance.
Effects of dietary components on high-density lipoprotein measures in a cohort of 1,566 participants.
Phosphatase and tension homolog overexpression in insulin resistant diabetic adipose tissue.
Short and long-term impact of lipectomy on expression profile of hepatic anabolic genes in rats: a high fat and high cholesterol diet-induced obese model.
The complementary effects of atorvastatin and exercise treatment on the composition and stability of the atherosclerotic plaques in ApoE knockout mice.
Hypocholesterolemic effects of Lactobacillus reuteri LR6 in rats fed on high-cholesterol diet.
Little variation in diet cost across wide ranges of overall dietary quality among youth with type 1 diabetes.
Cutaneous expression of calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II in rats with type 1 and type 2 diabetes.
Topical fentanyl stimulates healing of ischemic wounds in diabetic rats.
Effect of Hypericum perforatum L. extract on insulin resistance and lipid metabolic disorder in high-fat-diet induced obese mice.
Effect of GABA on oxidative stress in the skeletal muscles and plasma free amino acids in mice fed high-fat diet.
Shensong Yangxin Capsule prevents diabetic myocardial fibrosis by inhibiting TGF-β1/Smad signaling.
Energy concentration and amino acid digestibility in corn and corn coproducts from the wet-milling industry fed to growing pigs.
The interactive effects of high-fat, high-fiber diets and ractopamine HCl on finishing pig growth performance, carcass characteristics, and carcass fat quality.
Diet modification and metformin have a beneficial effect in a fly model of obesity and mucormycosis.
Sulforaphane prevents the development of cardiomyopathy in type 2 diabetic mice probably by reversing oxidative stress-induced inhibition of LKB1/AMPK pathway.
Ceramides mediate cigarette smoke-induced metabolic disruption in mice.
Diet, age, and prior injury status differentially alter behavioral outcomes following concussion in rats.
Acute effects of plant stanol esters on postprandial metabolism and its relation with changes in serum lipids after chronic intake.
Pancreatic and duodenal homeobox protein 1 (Pdx-1) maintains endoplasmic reticulum calcium levels through transcriptional regulation of sarco-endoplasmic reticulum calcium ATPase 2b (SERCA2b) in the islet β cell.
Clostridium ramosum promotes high-fat diet-induced obesity in gnotobiotic mouse models.
Metagenome-wide association of microbial determinants of host phenotype in Drosophila melanogaster.
A high-fat diet suppresses de novo lipogenesis and desaturation but not elongation and triglyceride synthesis in mice.
Modulation of age-related insulin sensitivity by VEGF-dependent vascular plasticity in adipose tissues.
Citrulline reduces glyceroneogenesis and induces fatty acid release in visceral adipose tissue from overweight rats.
Houttuynia cordata alleviates high-fat diet-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver in experimental rats.
Energy and nutritional value of the meals in kindergartens in Nis (Serbia).
[Effect of jiaotai pill on pancreatic fat accumulation and islet cell apoptosis in rats with type 2 diabetes].
Pollen Typhae total flavone improves insulin resistance in high-fat diet and low-dose streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetic rats.
Dietary modulation of the microbiome affects autoinflammatory disease.
Adiponectin abates atherosclerosis by reducing oxidative stress.
High fat diet modulates Trypanosoma cruzi infection associated myocarditis.
[Study on preventive and therapeutic effects of combined application of yindanxinnaotong soft capsule and exercise on atherosclerotic rats].
Niche-dependent regulations of metabolic balance in high-fat diet-induced diabetic mice by mesenchymal stromal cells.
Liver glycogen reduces food intake and attenuates obesity in a high-fat diet-fed mouse model.
Effect of high-fat and high-carbohydrate diets on pulmonary O2 uptake kinetics during the transition to moderate-intensity exercise.
Whey protein preloads are more beneficial than soy protein preloads in regulating appetite, calorie intake, anthropometry, and body composition of overweight and obese men.
Rats fed diets with different energy contribution from fat do not differ in adiposity.
Effects of combinations of Xiexin decoction constituents on diabetic nephropathy in rats.
Disease knowledge, perceived risk, and health behavior engagement among adolescents and adults with congenital heart disease.
The effect of a lifestyle intervention on metabolic health in young women.
Effect of dietary coenzyme Q10 supplementation on the growth rate, carcass characters and cost effectiveness of broiler fed with three energy levels.
'Let food be thy medicine, and medicine be thy food': Hippocrates revisited.
Maternal high-fat diet and offspring expression levels of vitamin K-dependent proteins.
Osteocalcin protects against nonalcoholic steatohepatitis in a mouse model of metabolic syndrome.
Evaluation of immune response, microbiota, and blood markers after probiotic bacteria administration in obese mice induced by a high-fat diet.
Lysophospholipid profile in serum and liver by high-fat diet and tumor induction in obesity-resistant BALB/c mice.
Dohaekseunggi-tang extract inhibits obesity, hyperlipidemia, and hypertension in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
DPP-4 inhibitor and PPARγ agonist restore the loss of CA1 dendritic spines in obese insulin-resistant rats.
Deletion of ELOVL6 blocks the synthesis of oleic acid but does not prevent the development of fatty liver or insulin resistance.
TRIM24 suppresses development of spontaneous hepatic lipid accumulation and hepatocellular carcinoma in mice.
Hematopoietic overexpression of Cyp27a1 reduces hepatic inflammation independently of 27-hydroxycholesterol levels in Ldlr(-/-) mice.
Niclosamide ethanolamine-induced mild mitochondrial uncoupling improves diabetic symptoms in mice.
Active dry Saccharomyces cerevisiae can alleviate the effect of subacute ruminal acidosis in lactating dairy cows.
Protein carbonylation associated to high-fat, high-sucrose diet and its metabolic effects.
Nonpharmacologic care for patients with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome: ketogenic diets and vagus nerve stimulation.
Differences in anthropometric measures in immigrants and Swedish-born individuals: results from two community-based cohort studies.
SKN-1 and Nrf2 couples proline catabolism with lipid metabolism during nutrient deprivation.
Circulating AIM prevents hepatocellular carcinoma through complement activation.
Protective Effect of Gymnema sylvestre Ethanol Extract on High Fat Diet-induced Obese Diabetic Wistar Rats.
Genetic and dietary determinants of insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1 and IGF binding protein (BP)-3 levels among Chinese women.
Pancreatic islet neuropeptide Y overexpression has minimal effect on islet morphology and β-cell adaptation to high-fat diet.
The impact of high-fat diet on metabolism and immune defense in small intestine mucosa.
The apolipoprotein-AI mimetic peptide L4F at a modest dose does not attenuate weight gain, inflammation, or atherosclerosis in LDLR-null mice.
Integrative analysis of transcriptomics, proteomics, and metabolomics data of white adipose and liver tissue of high-fat diet and rosiglitazone-treated insulin-resistant mice identified pathway alterations and molecular hubs.
RNase L contributes to experimentally induced type 1 diabetes onset in mice.
Lipase Supplementation before a High-Fat Meal Reduces Perceptions of Fullness in Healthy Subjects.
Breakfast intake is associated with nutritional status, Mediterranean diet adherence, serum iron and fasting glucose: the CYFamilies study.
Mesenchymal stromal cells enhance wound healing by ameliorating impaired metabolism in diabetic mice.
Dietary carbohydrate restriction as the first approach in diabetes management: critical review and evidence base.
High-protein diets prevent steatosis and induce hepatic accumulation of monomethyl branched-chain fatty acids.
Diet-induced obesity promotes a myeloma-like condition in vivo.
Heparin modulation on hepatic nitric oxide synthase in experimental steatohepatitis.
The H1-receptor antagonist cetirizine ameliorates high-fat diet-induced glucose intolerance in male C57BL/6 mice, but not diabetes outcome in female non-obese diabetic (NOD) mice.
Extended exenatide administration enhances lipid metabolism and exacerbates pancreatic injury in mice on a high fat, high carbohydrate diet.
Awareness of breast cancer risk among female university students from 24 low, middle income and emerging economy countries.
Liuwei Dihuang, a traditional Chinese herbal formula, suppresses chronic inflammation and oxidative stress in obese rats.
Lycopene attenuated hepatic tumorigenesis via differential mechanisms depending on carotenoid cleavage enzyme in mice.
Identification of differentially expressed genes related to metabolic syndrome induced with high-fat diet in E3 rats.
Anti-CD44 antibody treatment lowers hyperglycemia and improves insulin resistance, adipose inflammation, and hepatic steatosis in diet-induced obese mice.
Mutation in insulin receptor attenuates oxidative stress and apoptosis in pancreatic beta-cells induced by nutrition excess: reduced insulin signaling and ROS.
Energy homeostasis targets chromosomal reconfiguration of the human GH1 locus.
Protein is an important but undervalued macronutrient in the nutritional care of patients with cystic fibrosis.
Obesity-induced CerS6-dependent C16:0 ceramide production promotes weight gain and glucose intolerance.
CerS2 haploinsufficiency inhibits β-oxidation and confers susceptibility to diet-induced steatohepatitis and insulin resistance.
Consumption of clarified grapefruit juice ameliorates high-fat diet induced insulin resistance and weight gain in mice.
Ginseng, green tea or fibrate: valid options for nonalcoholic steatohepatitis prevention?
Reduction in saturated fat intake improves cardiovascular risks in obese adolescents during interdisciplinary therapy.
Dairy products and the risk of stroke and coronary heart disease: the Rotterdam Study.
Effect of resveratrol on visceral white adipose tissue inflammation and insulin sensitivity in a mouse model of sleep apnea.
Milk, yogurt, and lactose intake and ovarian cancer risk: a meta-analysis.
Leptin receptor signaling in the lateral parabrachial nucleus contributes to the control of food intake.
Synthesis and lipid-lowering evaluation of 3-methyl-1H-purine-2,6-dione derivatives as potent and orally available anti-obesity agents.
Ethanolic extract of Taheebo attenuates increase in body weight and fatty liver in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Dietary energy density is positively associated with breast density among young women.
Excessive weight gain during full breast-feeding.
β-catenin links hepatic metabolic zonation with lipid metabolism and diet-induced obesity in mice.
Celastrol suppresses obesity process via increasing antioxidant capacity and improving lipid metabolism.
Quantitative determination of liver triglyceride levels with 3T ¹H-MR spectroscopy in mice with moderately elevated liver fat content.
Sex-related differences in the effects of high-fat diets on DHEA-treated rats.
The effect of Lactobacillus rhamnosus hsryfm 1301 on the intestinal microbiota of a hyperlipidemic rat model.
A mitochondrial-targeted coenzyme q analog prevents weight gain and ameliorates hepatic dysfunction in high-fat-fed mice.
Validity of the Rapid Eating Assessment for Patients for assessing dietary patterns in NCAA athletes.
Fasting mitigates immediate hypersensitivity: a pivotal role of endogenous D-beta-hydroxybutyrate.
Discovery of a class of endogenous mammalian lipids with anti-diabetic and anti-inflammatory effects.
Control of homeostatic and pathogenic balance in adipose tissue by ganglioside GM3.
Dietary advice for muscularity, leanness and weight control in Men's Health magazine: a content analysis.
Nutrient-adjusted high-fat diet is associated with absence of periepididymal adipose tissue inflammation: is there a link with adequate micronutrient levels?
Effects of supplementation with a phytobiotics-rich herbal mixture on performance, udder health, and metabolic status of Holstein cows with various levels of milk somatic cell counts.
[Expression of the kisspeptin/kiss1r system in the hypothalamic arcuate nucleus of rats with diet-induced obesity and its influence on the hypothalamic-pituitary-testis axis].
Effects of high-fat diet on neuronal damage, gliosis, inflammatory process and oxidative stress in the hippocampus induced by transient cerebral ischemia.
Dietary influences on tissue concentrations of phytanic acid and AMACR expression in the benign human prostate.
Brain insulin lowers circulating BCAA levels by inducing hepatic BCAA catabolism.
The Murphy Roths Large (MRL) mouse strain is naturally resistant to high fat diet-induced hyperglycemia.
Improvement of Cardiomyopathy After High-Fat Diet in Two Siblings with Glycogen Storage Disease Type III.
Preventive effects of chitosan coacervate whey protein on body composition and immunometabolic aspect in obese mice.
Induction of IL-17A Precedes Development of Airway Hyperresponsiveness during Diet-Induced Obesity and Correlates with Complement Factor D.
Accelerated and exacerbated effects of high dietary fat on neuronal damage induced by transient cerebral ischemia in the gerbil septum.
Carnitine Palmitoyltransferase 1b Deficiency Protects Mice from Diet-Induced Insulin Resistance.
Total saponins from Rosa laevigata Michx fruit attenuates hepatic steatosis induced by high-fat diet in rats.
Quantification of abdominal fat depots in rats and mice during obesity and weight loss interventions.
Ezetimibe prevents the development of non‑alcoholic fatty liver disease induced by high‑fat diet in C57BL/6J mice.
Laminin α4 deficient mice exhibit decreased capacity for adipose tissue expansion and weight gain.
Polydatin improves glucose and lipid metabolism in experimental diabetes through activating the Akt signaling pathway.
Disparate metabolic effects of blackcurrant seed oil in rats fed a basal and obesogenic diet.
Sociodemographic differences and infant dietary patterns.
Effects of 7 days on an ad libitum low-fat vegan diet: the McDougall Program cohort.
High-fat diet and chronic stress reduce central pressor and tachycardic effects of apelin in Sprague-Dawley rats.
Exercise training prevents the attenuation of anesthetic pre-conditioning-mediated cardioprotection in diet-induced obese rats.
Mitochondrial dysfunction in steatotic rat livers occurs because a defect in complex i makes the liver susceptible to prolonged cold ischemia.
[The study of diabetes-related behavior status and affecting factors among urban and suburban residents in six provinces in China].
Hepatic mitogen-activated protein kinase phosphatase 1 selectively regulates glucose metabolism and energy homeostasis.
Aberrant miR199a-5p/caveolin1/PPARα axis in hepatic steatosis.
Spleen supports a pool of innate-like B cells in white adipose tissue that protects against obesity-associated insulin resistance.
The Influence of Dietary Fat Source on Life Span in Calorie Restricted Mice.
Low-dose aspartame consumption differentially affects gut microbiota-host metabolic interactions in the diet-induced obese rat.
γδT cells are prevalent in the proximal aorta and drive nascent atherosclerotic lesion progression and neutrophilia in hypercholesterolemic mice.
Metabolic activation of intrahepatic CD8+ T cells and NKT cells causes nonalcoholic steatohepatitis and liver cancer via cross-talk with hepatocytes.
Effects of chicory inulin on serum metabolites of uric acid, lipids, glucose, and abdominal fat deposition in quails induced by purine-rich diets.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus non-genetic Rhesus monkey model induced by high fat and high sucrose diet.
N-stearoylethanolamine restores pancreas lipid composition in obesity-induced insulin resistant rats.
Characterization of distinct subpopulations of hepatic macrophages in HFD/obese mice.
High-fat diet- and angiotensin II-induced aneurysm concurrently elicits splenic hypertrophy.
High cortisol response to adrenocorticotrophic hormone identifies ewes with reduced melanocortin signalling and increased propensity to obesity.
Effects of total dietary polyphenols on plasma nitric oxide and blood pressure in a high cardiovascular risk cohort. The PREDIMED randomized trial.
Inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate receptor type II (InsP3R-II) is reduced in obese mice, but metabolic homeostasis is preserved in mice lacking InsP3R-II.
Whey-reduced weight gain is associated with a temporary growth reduction in young mice fed a high-fat diet.
Secoisolariciresinol diglucoside in high-fat diet and streptozotocin-induced diabetic nephropathy in rats: a possible renoprotective effect.
Change in dietary intake of adults with intermittent claudication undergoing a supervised exercise program and compared to matched controls.
A polysaccharide extract of mulberry leaf ameliorates hepatic glucose metabolism and insulin signaling in rats with type 2 diabetes induced by high fat-diet and streptozotocin.
Deletion of CGI-58 or adipose triglyceride lipase differently affects macrophage function and atherosclerosis.
Mediterranean diets and metabolic syndrome status in the PREDIMED randomized trial.
Whole-body vibration training effect on physical performance and obesity in mice.
Adenosine activates brown adipose tissue and recruits beige adipocytes via A2A receptors.
Timing of fat and liquid sugar intake alters substrate oxidation and food efficiency in male Wistar rats.
The impact of small doses of LPS on NASH in high sucrose and high fat diet induced rats.
Tormentic acid, a major component of suspension cells of Eriobotrya japonica, suppresses high-fat diet-induced diabetes and hyperlipidemia by glucose transporter 4 and AMP-activated protein kinase phosphorylation.
Lactobacillus plantarum NCU116 improves liver function, oxidative stress and lipid metabolism in rats with high fat diet induced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Diet, inflammation and the brain: commentary on the 2014 named series.
Low energy availability and low body fat of female gymnasts before an international competition.
Protection of salvianolate against atherosclerosis via regulating the inflammation in rats.
Role of dietary fats in modulating cardiometabolic risk during moderate weight gain: a randomized double-blind overfeeding trial (LIPOGAIN study).
Obesity increases histone H3 lysine 9 and 18 acetylation at Tnfa and Ccl2 genes in mouse liver.
The estrogen receptor as a mediator of the pathological actions of cholesterol in breast cancer.
Exopolysaccharide-producing probiotic Lactobacilli reduce serum cholesterol and modify enteric microbiota in ApoE-deficient mice.
Dynamic and extensive metabolic state-dependent regulation of cytokine expression and circulating levels.
Propensity to high-fat diet-induced obesity in mice is associated with the indigenous opportunistic bacteria on the interior of Peyer's patches.
Risk factors for breast cancer in Iranian women: a hospital-based case-control study in tabriz, iran.
Effects of birth weight and maternal dietary fat source on the fatty acid profile of piglet tissue.
The number of cardiac myocytes in the hypertrophic and hypotrophic left ventricle of the obese and calorie-restricted mouse heart.
Potent effects of the total saponins from Dioscorea nipponica Makino against streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetes mellitus in rats.
Ameliorative effect of myricetin on insulin resistance in mice fed a high-fat, high-sucrose diet.
Plain water intake of Korean adults according to life style, anthropometric and dietary characteristic: the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys 2008-2010.
Patients' Adherence to Healthy Behavior in Coronary Heart Disease: Risk Factor Management Among Jordanian Patients.
Opposing effects of reduced kidney mass on liver and skeletal muscle insulin sensitivity in obese mice.
Enhanced pan-peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gene and protein expression in adipose tissue of diet-induced obese mice treated with telmisartan.
Platelets, acting in part via P-selectin, mediate cytomegalovirus-induced microvascular dysfunction.
Effect of atorvastatin on the expression of gamma-glutamyl transferase in aortic atherosclerotic plaques of apolipoprotein E-knockout mice.
Diets high in resistant starch and arabinoxylan modulate digestion processes and SCFA pool size in the large intestine and faecal microbial composition in pigs.
Effects of Polygonatum sibiricum rhizome ethanol extract in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Astaxanthin lowers plasma TAG concentrations and increases hepatic antioxidant gene expression in diet-induced obesity mice.
High fat diet induces adhesion of platelets to endothelium in two models of dyslipidemia.
A gain-of-function mutation in adenylate cyclase 3 protects mice from diet-induced obesity.
Shifting the circadian rhythm of feeding in mice induces gastrointestinal, metabolic and immune alterations which are influenced by ghrelin and the core clock gene Bmal1.
High-resolution mapping of a genetic locus regulating preferential carbohydrate intake, total kilocalories, and food volume on mouse chromosome 17.
The potential of a high protein-low carbohydrate diet to preserve intrahepatic triglyceride content in healthy humans.
[Effects of high-fat-diet on the level of hormones related to glucose and lipid metabolism in rat plasma].
[Effects of Se-riched soybean peptide on antioxidant function in rats of fatty liver caused by high-fat diet].
[Role of high fat diet on eNOS/NO of the chronic hypoxia rat lungs].
Oestrogen signalling in white adipose progenitor cells inhibits differentiation into brown adipose and smooth muscle cells.
High-fat diet promotes neuronal loss in the myenteric plexus of the large intestine in mice.
SIRT1 activator (SRT1720) improves the follicle reserve and prolongs the ovarian lifespan of diet-induced obesity in female mice via activating SIRT1 and suppressing mTOR signaling.
[Genetic diagnosis of fructose-1, 6-bisphosphatase deficiency: a case report].
Postprandial lipemia induces pancreatic α cell dysfunction characteristic of type 2 diabetes: studies in healthy subjects, mouse pancreatic islets, and cultured pancreatic α cells.
High protein intake from meat as complementary food increases growth but not adiposity in breastfed infants: a randomized trial.
Diets high in protein or saturated fat do not affect insulin sensitivity or plasma concentrations of lipids and lipoproteins in overweight and obese adults.
Dairy product consumption has no impact on biomarkers of inflammation among men and women with low-grade systemic inflammation.
Almonds inhibit dyslipidemia and vascular dysfunction in rats through multiple pathways.
Macadamia oil supplementation attenuates inflammation and adipocyte hypertrophy in obese mice.
Polydatin supplementation ameliorates diet-induced development of insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis in rats.
Role of NKG2D in obesity-induced adipose tissue inflammation and insulin resistance.
Infection with Porphyromonas gingivalis exacerbates endothelial injury in obese mice.
Dietary proteins and IGF I levels in preterm infants: determinants of growth, body composition, and neurodevelopment.
[Protection and mechanism of shenqi compound for diabetic angiopathy model rats].
[Huanglian jiedu decoction regulated and controlled differentiation of monocytes, macrophages, and foam cells: an experimental study].
Whole-of-society monitoring framework for sugar, salt, and fat consumption and noncommunicable diseases in India.
The use of flaxseed flour during pregnancy and lactation reverses lower birth weight in offspring from diabetic mothers but averts the development during lactation.
Effect of L-arginine supplementation on insulin resistance and adipocitokines levels in head and neck cancer non diabetic patients after surgery.
Relationship between dietary intake and use of protease inhibitors with anthropometric and biochemical parameters of lipodystrophy in people living with hiv.
In utero exposure to prepregnancy maternal obesity and postweaning high-fat diet impair regulators of mitochondrial dynamics in rat placenta and offspring.
Cholesterol-enriched diet disrupts the blood-testis barrier in rabbits.
β-glycosphingolipids ameliorated non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in the Psammomys obesus model.
Remodeling of the thoracic aorta after bone marrow cell transplantation.
Global Inactivation of the Pla2g6 Gene in Mice Does Not Cause Dyslipidemia under Chow or High-fat Diet Conditions.
Antioxidative Activity of Blueberry Leaf Extract Prevents High-fat Diet-induced Obesity in C57BL/6 Mice.
Pancreatic T cell protein-tyrosine phosphatase deficiency affects beta cell function in mice.
Obesogenic environment by excess of dietary fats in different phases of development reduces spermatic efficiency of wistar rats at adulthood: correlations with metabolic status.
Adiponectin is essential for lipid homeostasis and survival under insulin deficiency and promotes β-cell regeneration.
FXR agonist GW4064 alleviates endotoxin-induced hepatic inflammation by repressing macrophage activation.
Comparative study on the hypoglycemic and antioxidative effects of fermented paste (doenjang) prepared from soybean and brown rice mixed with rice bran or red ginseng marc in mice fed with high fat diet.
Carrot juice fermented with Lactobacillus plantarum NCU116 ameliorates type 2 diabetes in rats.
Hemin improves insulin sensitivity in skeletal muscle in high fat-fed mice.
Induction of sustained hypercholesterolemia by single adeno-associated virus-mediated gene transfer of mutant hPCSK9.
T-cell profile in adipose tissue is associated with insulin resistance and systemic inflammation in humans.
Interaction between Pro12Ala polymorphism of PPARγ2 and diet on adiposity phenotypes.
Ultraviolet radiation suppresses obesity and symptoms of metabolic syndrome independently of vitamin D in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Translating pharmacological findings from hypothyroid rodents to euthyroid humans: is there a functional role of endogenous 3,5-T2?
Galectin-3 activates PPARγ and supports white adipose tissue formation and high-fat diet-induced obesity.
High-resolution genetic mapping in the diversity outbred mouse population identifies Apobec1 as a candidate gene for atherosclerosis.
Thermogenic capacity is antagonistically regulated in classical brown and white subcutaneous fat depots by high fat diet and endurance training in rats: impact on whole-body energy expenditure.
Prenatal high-fat diet alters the cerebrovasculature and clearance of β-amyloid in adult offspring.
Raman spectroscopy analysis of lipid droplets content, distribution and saturation level in Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in mice.
Orp8 deficiency in bone marrow-derived cells reduces atherosclerotic lesion progression in LDL receptor knockout mice.
Ketogenesis prevents diet-induced fatty liver injury and hyperglycemia.
Oleic acid content of a meal promotes oleoylethanolamide response and reduces subsequent energy intake in humans.
Moderate exercise training provides modest protection against adipose tissue inflammatory gene expression in response to high-fat feeding.
Impact of N-acetylcysteine and sesame oil on lipid metabolism and hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis homeostasis in middle-aged hypercholesterolemic mice.
Impact of N-acetylcysteine and etodolac treatment on systolic and diastolic function in a rat model of myocardial steatosis induced by high-fat-diet.
Nutritional strategy to prevent fatty liver and insulin resistance independent of obesity by reducing glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide responses in mice.
Intestinal alkaline phosphatase deficiency leads to lipopolysaccharide desensitization and faster weight gain.
Effect of white wheat bread and white wheat bread added with bioactive compounds on hypercholesterolemic and steatotic mice fed a high-fat diet.
Serum TG-lowering properties of plant sterols and stanols are associated with decreased hepatic VLDL secretion.
Leptin deficient ob/ob mice and diet-induced obese mice responded differently to Roux-en-Y bypass surgery.
Thermoneutral housing is a critical factor for immune function and diet-induced obesity in C57BL/6 nude mice.
Myeloid SIRT1 regulates macrophage infiltration and insulin sensitivity in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Haemodynamical stress in mouse aortic arch with atherosclerotic plaques: Preliminary study of plaque progression.
Garlic extract attenuates brain mitochondrial dysfunction and cognitive deficit in obese-insulin resistant rats.
Effects of grape seed proanthocyanidin extract on renal injury in type 2 diabetic rats.
The sparing use of fat: G0s2 controls lipolysis and fatty acid oxidation.
[Effect of fats on cardiovascular disease prevention in Denmark].
Crosstalk between intestinal microbiota, adipose tissue and skeletal muscle as an early event in systemic low-grade inflammation and the development of obesity and diabetes.
Targeted disruption of the SUCNR1 metabolic receptor leads to dichotomous effects on obesity.
Angiotensin II induces interleukin-1β-mediated islet inflammation and β-cell dysfunction independently of vasoconstrictive effects.
CB1 cannabinoid receptor in SF1-expressing neurons of the ventromedial hypothalamus determines metabolic responses to diet and leptin.
Codonopsis lanceolata extract prevents diet-induced obesity in C57BL/6 mice.
Effects of dietary fat and saturated fat content on liver fat and markers of oxidative stress in overweight/obese men and women under weight-stable conditions.
TRAMP prostate tumor growth is slowed by walnut diets through altered IGF-1 levels, energy pathways, and cholesterol metabolism.
Obesity-mediated regulation of HGF/c-Met is associated with reduced basal-like breast cancer latency in parous mice.
A brief review of higher dietary protein diets in weight loss: a focus on athletes.
Selective disruption of Tcf7l2 in the pancreatic β cell impairs secretory function and lowers β cell mass.
Oral administration of Bifidobacterium spp. improves insulin resistance, induces adiponectin, and prevents inflammatory adipokine expressions.
Dietary treatment in adults with refractory epilepsy: a review.
Therapeutic effects of globular adiponectin in diabetic rats with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Response gene to complement 32 (RGC-32) in endothelial cells is induced by glucose and helpful to maintain glucose homeostasis.
Effects of a high-fat diet on spontaneous metastasis of Lewis lung carcinoma in plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 deficient and wild-type mice.
Protective role of plant sterol and stanol esters in liver inflammation: insights from mice and humans.
Vigna nakashimae extract prevents hepatic steatosis in obese mice fed high-fat diets.
The influence of feed energy density and a formulated additive on rumen and rectal temperature in hanwoo steers.
Meat Quality Characteristics of Small East African Goats and Norwegian Crosses Finished under Small Scale Farming Conditions.
Quantification of plaque lipids in the aortic root of ApoE-deficient mice by 3D DIXON magnetic resonance imaging in an ex vivo model.
Optimized rapeseed oils rich in endogenous micronutrients ameliorate risk factors of atherosclerosis in high fat diet fed rats.
Early endothelial damage detected by circulating particles in baboons fed a diet high in simple carbohydrates in conjunction with saturated or unsaturated fat.
A specific Streptococcus mutans strain aggravates non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
[Effect of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on gut microbiota and endotoxin levels in portal vein of rats fed with high-fat diet].
Cannabinoid receptor 1 antagonist treatment induces glucagon release and shows an additive therapeutic effect with GLP-1 agonist in diet-induced obese mice.
High-fat feeding does not induce an autophagic or apoptotic phenotype in female rat skeletal muscle.
Synergistic effects of atorvastatin and rosiglitazone on endothelium protection in rats with dyslipidemia.
MicroRNA-451 exacerbates lipotoxicity in cardiac myocytes and high-fat diet-induced cardiac hypertrophy in mice through suppression of the LKB1/AMPK pathway.
Conjugated bile acid-activated S1P receptor 2 is a key regulator of sphingosine kinase 2 and hepatic gene expression.
Regulator of G-protein signalling 5 protects against atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice.
Developmental programming of brain and behavior by perinatal diet: focus on inflammatory mechanisms.
Restricting carbohydrates to fight head and neck cancer-is this realistic?
A Review of Mitochondrial-derived Fatty Acids in Epigenetic Regulation of Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes.
TGR5 reduces macrophage migration through mTOR-induced C/EBPβ differential translation.
Rho-kinase inhibition ameliorates metabolic disorders through activation of AMPK pathway in mice.
Biology of upper-body and lower-body adipose tissue--link to whole-body phenotypes.
Alpha-lipoic acid supplementation reduces mTORC1 signaling in skeletal muscle from high fat fed, obese Zucker rats.
Effects of Callistephus chinensis flower polyphones on improving metabolic disorders in high-fat diet-induced mice.
Supplementing antioxidants to pigs fed diets high in oxidants: II. Effects on carcass characteristics, meat quality, and fatty acid profile.
Growth performance, blood metabolic responses, and carcass characteristics of grower and finisher South African Windsnyer-type indigenous and Large White×Landrace crossbred pigs fed diets containing ensiled corncobs.
Diet-induced dysbiosis influences susceptibility to intestinal cancer.
IgG receptor FcγRIIB plays a key role in obesity-induced hypertension.
Deficiency of the bone mineralization inhibitor NPP1 protects mice against obesity and diabetes.
Pravastatin reverses obesity-induced dysfunction of induced pluripotent stem cell-derived endothelial cells via a nitric oxide-dependent mechanism.
CardioGxE, a catalog of gene-environment interactions for cardiometabolic traits.
Dietary protein intake affects amino acid and acylcarnitine metabolism in infants aged 6 months.
Novel Inhibitory Effects of Glycyrrhizic Acid on the Accumulation of Advanced Glycation End Product and Its Receptor Expression.
Increased body fat mass and tissue lipotoxicity associated with ovariectomy or high-fat diet differentially affects bone and skeletal muscle metabolism in rats.
MAP kinase phosphatase DUSP1 is overexpressed in obese humans and modulated by physical exercise.
Glypican 4 may be involved in the adipose tissue redistribution in high-fat feeding C57BL/6J mice with peroxisome proliferators-activated receptor γ agonist rosiglitazone treatment.
Estradiol regulates insulin signaling and inflammation in adipose tissue.
Hypothalamic PGC-1α protects against high-fat diet exposure by regulating ERα.
Anti-Obesity Effects of Melastoma malabathricum var Alba Linn in Rats Fed with a High-Fat Diet.
Xenin-25[Lys13PAL]: a novel long-acting acylated analogue of xenin-25 with promising antidiabetic potential.
The contribution of hypothalamic macroglia to the regulation of energy homeostasis.
TLR4 expression in bone marrow-derived cells is both necessary and sufficient to produce the insulin resistance phenotype in diet-induced obesity.
The dual-specificity phosphatase 2 (DUSP2) does not regulate obesity-associated inflammation or insulin resistance in mice.
Effects of Bofu-Tsusho-San on diabetes and hyperlipidemia associated with AMP-activated protein kinase and glucose transporter 4 in high-fat-fed mice.
Dietary energy density in young children across Europe.
The role of small heterodimer partner in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease improvement after sleeve gastrectomy in mice.
Intakes of fat and micronutrients between ages 13 and 18 years and the incidence of proliferative benign breast disease.
Optimizing methods for the study of intravascular lipid metabolism in zebrafish.
Sestrin 3 protein enhances hepatic insulin sensitivity by direct activation of the mTORC2-Akt signaling.
Diet-induced obesity does not impact the generation and maintenance of primary memory CD8 T cells.
Deficiency of the tumor promoter gene wip1 induces insulin resistance.
Modulation of tumorigenesis by dietary intervention is not mediated by SIRT1 catalytic activity.
Influence of DGAT1 K232A polymorphism on milk fat percentage and fatty acid profiles in Romanian holstein cattle.
Childhood and adolescent obesity and long-term cognitive consequences during aging.
Assessing steatotic liver function after ischemia-reperfusion injury by in vivo multiphoton imaging of fluorescein disposition.
Adipokines and nutritional status in kidney transplant recipients.
Cardiopulmonary bypass considerations for pediatric patients on the ketogenic diet.
Hypochlorous acid via peroxynitrite activates protein kinase Cθ and insulin resistance in adipocytes.
Deletion of the gene encoding G0/G 1 switch protein 2 (G0s2) alleviates high-fat-diet-induced weight gain and insulin resistance, and promotes browning of white adipose tissue in mice.
Apolipoprotein E (APOE) genotype regulates body weight and fatty acid utilization-Studies in gene-targeted replacement mice.
Impacts of CLA and dietary concentrate proportion on blood metabolite concentration and proliferation of peripheral blood mononuclear cells of periparturient dairy cows.
Expression and significance of fat mass and obesity associated gene and forkhead transcription factor O1 in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
[Food consumption and dietary behaviour in haemophilia patients before and after a nutrition consultation].
Viscothionin isolated from Korean mistletoe improves nonalcoholic fatty liver disease via the activation of adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase.
The impact of the modified Atkins diet on lipid profiles in adults with epilepsy.
Lycopene supplementation reduces TNF-α via RAGE in the kidney of obese rats.
Exposure to a high fat diet during the perinatal period alters vagal motoneurone excitability, even in the absence of obesity.
The prevention and treatment of obesity.
Mapping of long-range INS promoter interactions reveals a role for calcium-activated chloride channel ANO1 in insulin secretion.
Liver injury attenuation by curcumin in a rat NASH model: an Nrf2 activation-mediated effect?
RGC32 deficiency protects against high-fat diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance in mice.
Lipid-lowering activity of Cow urine ark in guinea pigs fed with a high cholesterol diet.
Polyunsaturated fatty acid composition of maternal diet and erythrocyte phospholipid status in Chilean pregnant women.
Associations of Sedentary Time with Fat Distribution in a High-Risk Population.
Mitigating or exacerbating effects of maternal-fetal programming of female mice through the food choice environment.
Increasing β-cell mass requires additional stimulation for adaptation to secretory demand.
Polypharmacy, chronic diseases and nutritional markers in community-dwelling older.
Periodontal innate immune mechanisms relevant to atherosclerosis.
Influence of extra virgin olive oil on blood pressure and kidney angiotensinase activities in spontaneously hypertensive rats.
CYP2J2 overexpression attenuates nonalcoholic fatty liver disease induced by high-fat diet in mice.
A mixture of cod and scallop protein reduces adiposity and improves glucose tolerance in high-fat fed male C57BL/6J mice.
Immunization with advanced glycation end products modified low density lipoprotein inhibits atherosclerosis progression in diabetic apoE and LDLR null mice.
Curcuma oil attenuates accelerated atherosclerosis and macrophage foam-cell formation by modulating genes involved in plaque stability, lipid homeostasis and inflammation.
Histone deacetylase inhibitor, trichostatin A, improves learning and memory in high-fat diet-induced cognitive deficits in mice.
Dnmt3a in Sim1 neurons is necessary for normal energy homeostasis.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Non-genetic Rhesus Monkey Model Induced by High Fat and High Sucrose Diet.
Hidden disease susceptibility and sexual dimorphism in the heterozygous knockout of Cyp51 from cholesterol synthesis.
Blocking CD40-TRAF6 interactions by small-molecule inhibitor 6860766 ameliorates the complications of diet-induced obesity in mice.
Deletion of intestinal epithelial insulin receptor attenuates high-fat diet-induced elevations in cholesterol and stem, enteroendocrine, and Paneth cell mRNAs.
γδ T cells promote inflammation and insulin resistance during high fat diet-induced obesity in mice.
Hepatic insulin resistance in ob/ob mice involves increases in ceramide, aPKC activity, and selective impairment of Akt-dependent FoxO1 phosphorylation.
Aspirin-induced increase in intestinal paracellular permeability does not affect the levels of LPS in venous blood of healthy women.
Behavior and brain gene expression changes in mice exposed to preimplantation and prenatal stress.
Vagus nerve contributes to metabolic syndrome in high-fat diet-fed young and adult rats.
Is cooking at home associated with better diet quality or weight-loss intention?
Exercise training protects against atherosclerotic risk factors through vascular NADPH oxidase, extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 and stress-activated protein kinase/c-Jun N-terminal kinase downregulation in obese rats.
Dairy and cardiovascular health: Friend or foe?
Altered motivation masks appetitive learning potential of obese mice.
Leucine Modulates Mitochondrial Biogenesis and SIRT1-AMPK Signaling in C2C12 Myotubes.
The neuroprotective effect of cornus MAS on brain tissue of Wistar rats.
Pterocarpan-enriched soy leaf extract ameliorates insulin sensitivity and pancreatic β-cell proliferation in type 2 diabetic mice.
Sciatic nerve regeneration in rats subjected to ketogenic diet.
Enhanced gastrointestinal expression of cytosolic malic enzyme (ME1) induces intestinal and liver lipogenic gene expression and intestinal cell proliferation in mice.
The intake of a high-fat diet and grape seed procyanidins induces gene expression changes in peripheral blood mononuclear cells of hamsters: capturing alterations in lipid and cholesterol metabolisms.
Effect of melatonin on cellular composition of the spleen and parameters of lipid metabolism in rats with alimentary obesity.
Cannabinoid receptor 2 agonist attenuates pain related behavior in rats with chronic alcohol/high fat diet induced pancreatitis.
Multilevel control of glucose homeostasis by adenylyl cyclase 8.
Dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids increase survival and decrease bacterial load during septic Staphylococcus aureus infection and improve neutrophil function in mice.
Effect of high-fat diet on peripheral neuropathy in C57BL/6 mice.
Treatment of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease with Total Alkaloids in Rubus aleaefolius Poir through Regulation of Fat Metabolism.
Factors associated with asthma in adolescents in the city of Fortaleza, Brazil.
Impaired glucose metabolism in response to high fat diet in female mice conceived by in vitro fertilization (IVF) or ovarian stimulation alone.
Restriction on an energy-dense diet improves markers of metabolic health and cellular aging in mice through decreasing hepatic mTOR activity.
Growth hormone receptor antagonist transgenic mice are protected from hyperinsulinemia and glucose intolerance despite obesity when placed on a HF diet.
Resveratrol attenuates intermittent hypoxia-induced macrophage migration to visceral white adipose tissue and insulin resistance in male mice.
Decreased insulin secretion and incretin concentrations and increased glucagon concentrations after a high-fat meal when compared with a high-fruit and -fiber meal.
Improved metabolic regulation is associated with retinoblastoma protein gene haploinsufficiency in mice.
Differential proteomic analyses of cataracts from rat models of type 1 and 2 diabetes.
A high-throughput metabolomic approach to explore the regulatory effect of mangiferin on metabolic network disturbances of hyperlipidemia rats.
[Effect of maternal high-fat diet before and during pregnancy on bone growth of neonatal offspring rats].
Ashitaba (Angelica keiskei) extract prevents adiposity in high-fat diet-fed C57BL/6 mice.
Hypertension fails to disrupt white matter integrity in young or aged Fisher (F44) Cyp1a1Ren2 transgenic rats.
Prevalence of screening-detected eating disorders in chinese females and exploratory associations with dietary practices.
Folate bioavailability from foods rich in folates assessed in a short term human study using stable isotope dilution assays.
An ERK/Cdk5 axis controls the diabetogenic actions of PPARγ.
The influence of nighttime feeding of carbohydrate or protein combined with exercise training on appetite and cardiometabolic risk in young obese women.
Magnesium sulfate treatment reverses seizure susceptibility and decreases neuroinflammation in a rat model of severe preeclampsia.
Exercise ameliorates insulin resistance via Ca2+ signals distinct from those of insulin for GLUT4 translocation in skeletal muscles.
A combination of glucosyl hesperidin and caffeine exhibits an anti-obesity effect by inhibition of hepatic lipogenesis in mice.
CTSK inhibitor exert its anti-obesity effects through regulating adipocyte differentiation in high-fat diet induced obese mice.
High-saturate-fat diet delays initiation of diethylnitrosamine-induced hepatocellular carcinoma.
Compositional and biochemical changes in Genestoso cheese, a Spanish raw cow's milk variety, during ripening.
A metabolomic and pharmacokinetic study on the mechanism underlying the lipid-lowering effect of orally administered berberine.
Food intake does not differ between obese women who are metabolically healthy or abnormal.
Investigation of the anti-inflammatory effects of safranal on high-fat diet and multiple low-dose streptozotocin induced type 2 diabetes rat model.
Fiber intake and all-cause mortality in the Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea (PREDIMED) study.
Socioeconomic determinants of dietary patterns in low- and middle-income countries: a systematic review.
Modeling type 2 diabetes in rats using high fat diet and streptozotocin.
Appropriate physical activity and dietary intake achieve optimal metabolic control in older type 2 diabetes patients.
Effect of endurance training on retinol-binding protein 4 gene expression and its protein level in adipose tissue and the liver in diabetic rats induced by a high-fat diet and streptozotocin.
Fetal hyperglycemia and a high-fat diet contribute to aberrant glucose tolerance and hematopoiesis in adult rats.
Acute Exercise Decreases Tribbles Homolog 3 Protein Levels in the Hypothalamus of Obese Rats.
Macrophage migration inhibitory factor deficiency ameliorates high-fat diet induced insulin resistance in mice with reduced adipose inflammation and hepatic steatosis.
Fattening performance, metabolic indicators, and muscle composition of bulls fed fiber-rich versus starch-plus-lipid-rich concentrate diets.
Relative validation of fruit and vegetable intake and fat intake among overweight and obese African-American women.
[High fat diet-induced molecular and physiological dysfunction of the urinary bladder].
Pentoxifylline alleviates hypertension in metabolic syndrome: effect on low-grade inflammation and angiotensin system.
[Effect of electro-acupuncture on hepatic Toll-like receptor 4 and nuclear factor κB expressions in rats with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease].
Coronary changes in the Atlantic salmon Salmo salar L: characterization and impact of dietary fatty acid compositions.
Myeloperoxidase: a therapeutic target for preventing insulin resistance and the metabolic sequelae of obesity?
Effects of protein and fat concentration in coproduct-based growing calf diets on performance and carcass composition.
Food references in UK children's magazines - an oral health perspective.
Transcriptome analysis on the inflammatory cell infiltration of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis in bama minipigs induced by a long-term high-fat, high-sucrose diet.
The social construction of competence: Conceptions of science and expertise among proponents of the low-carbohydrate high-fat diet in Finland.
Thy1 (CD90) controls adipogenesis by regulating activity of the Src family kinase, Fyn.
How calorie-focused thinking about obesity and related diseases may mislead and harm public health. An alternative.
ANGPTL8/betatrophin does not control pancreatic beta cell expansion.
Correlativity between blood measures related to blood stasis blocking collaterals and gene expression of angiotensin-converting enzyme of renal cortex in diabetic rats and effect of stasis removing and collaterals dredging.
CIDEC/FSP27 is regulated by peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha and plays a critical role in fasting- and diet-induced hepatosteatosis.
Effect of Lactobacillus rhamnosus hsryfm 1301 on the Gut Microbiota and Lipid Metabolism in Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Ursolic acid improves lipid and glucose metabolism in high-fat-fed C57BL/6J mice by activating peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha and hepatic autophagy.
Dissociable deficits of executive function caused by gestational adversity are linked to specific transcriptional changes in the prefrontal cortex.
Association of the duration of residence with obesity-related eating habits and dietary patterns among Latin-American immigrants in Spain.
Plasma levels of lysine, tyrosine, and valine during pregnancy are independent risk factors of insulin resistance and gestational diabetes.
Resveratrol ameliorates high glucose and high-fat/sucrose diet-induced vascular hyperpermeability involving Cav-1/eNOS regulation.
Anti-obesity effects of Taif and Egyptian pomegranates: molecular study.
Dairy consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes: 3 cohorts of US adults and an updated meta-analysis.
Growth arrest and DNA damage-inducible 34 regulates liver regeneration in hepatic steatosis in mice.
Accumulation of dietary carotenoids, retinoids and tocopherol in the internal tissues of a bird: a hypothesis for the cost of producing colored ornaments.
High-fat diet induces endothelial dysfunction through a down-regulation of the endothelial AMPK-PI3K-Akt-eNOS pathway.
Effect of a high-fat meal containing conventional or high-oleic peanuts on post-prandial lipopolysaccharide concentrations in overweight/obese men.
Improved insulin sensitivity and body composition, irrespective of macronutrient intake, after a 12 month intervention in adolescents with pre-diabetes; RESIST a randomised control trial.
Muscle-Specific Overexpression of PGC-1α Does Not Augment Metabolic Improvements in Response to Exercise and Caloric Restriction.
Hepatic cyclooxygenase-2 expression protects against diet-induced steatosis, obesity, and insulin resistance.
Dietary habits contributing to breast cancer risk among Iranian women.
The effects of the water-extraction of Astragali Radix and Lycopi herba on the Pathway of TGF-smads-UPP in a rat model of Diabetic Nephropathy.
C3a receptor antagonist ameliorates inflammatory and fibrotic signals in type 2 diabetic nephropathy by suppressing the activation of TGF-β/smad3 and IKBα pathway.
Diet-induced obesity prevents the development of acute traumatic coagulopathy.
[Catalpol protect diabetic vascular endothelial function by inhibiting NADPH oxidase].
Effect of a low-fat diet enriched either with rapeseed oil or sunflower oil on plasma lipoproteins in children and adolescents with familial hypercholesterolaemia. Results of a pilot study.
Consumption of fatty foods and incident type 2 diabetes in populations from eight European countries.
Low-energy diets differing in fibre, red meat and coffee intake equally improve insulin sensitivity in type 2 diabetes: a randomised feasibility trial.
Characterization of starter kimchi fermented with Leuconostoc kimchii GJ2 and its cholesterol-lowering effects in rats fed a high-fat and high-cholesterol diet.
High-fat diet-induced changes in liver thioredoxin and thioredoxin reductase as a novel feature of insulin resistance.
The effect of weight loss by ketogenic diet on the body composition, performance-related physical fitness factors and cytokines of Taekwondo athletes.
Functional role of serotonin in insulin secretion in a diet-induced insulin-resistant state.
Energy and macronutrient intakes in older urban and rural Iranian adults.
Black rice (Oryza sativa L.) extracts induce osteoblast differentiation and protect against bone loss in ovariectomized rats.
High-fat diet-induced met-hemoglobin formation in rats prone (WOKW) or resistant (DA) to the metabolic syndrome: effect of CoQ10 supplementation.
Impact of dietary protein level and source of polyunsaturated fatty acids on lipid metabolism-related protein expression and fatty acid concentrations in porcine tissues.
A genetic risk tool for obesity predisposition assessment and personalized nutrition implementation based on macronutrient intake.
A novel animal model of metabolic syndrome with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and skin inflammation.
The anti-obesity effect of green tea polysaccharides, polyphenols and caffeine in rats fed with a high-fat diet.
Effects of Grifola frondosa non-polar bioactive components on high-fat diet fed and streptozotocin-induced hyperglycemic mice.
Evaluation of hypoglycemic efficacy of tangningtongluo formula, a traditional Chinese Miao medicine, in two rodent animal models.
Macrophage CGI-58 deficiency promotes IL-1β transcription by activating the SOCS3-FOXO1 pathway.
A plant-based diet, atherogenesis, and coronary artery disease prevention.
Aldosterone: a cardiometabolic risk hormone?
Time-specific changes in DNA methyltransferases associated with the leptin promoter during the development of obesity.
Refeeding with conjugated linoleic acid increases serum cholesterol and modifies the fatty acid profile after 48 hours of fasting in rats.
[Food habits and nutritional assessment in a tunisian university population].
Vagus nerve contributes to the development of steatohepatitis and obesity in phosphatidylethanolamine N-methyltransferase deficient mice.
Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG Reverses Insulin Resistance but Does Not Block Its Onset in Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
The Protective Effect of Beraprost Sodium on Diabetic Cardiomyopathy through the Inhibition of the p38 MAPK Signaling Pathway in High-Fat-Induced SD Rats.
Melatonin and diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rats: impact on the hypophysial-testicular axis.
Hypermethylation of Cox5a promoter is associated with mitochondrial dysfunction in skeletal muscle of high fat diet-induced insulin resistant rats.
Structural, mechanical and myogenic properties of small mesenteric arteries from ApoE KO mice: characterization and effects of virgin olive oil diets.
[Effects of different exercise intensity on PPARγ and relative index in adolescent obesity rats].
[Effects of high-fat diet on FABP2 mRNA expression in small intestinal tissue of young rats].
C16:0-ceramide signals insulin resistance.
Linking DNA damage, NAD(+)/SIRT1, and aging.
A high-fat diet and NAD(+) activate Sirt1 to rescue premature aging in cockayne syndrome.
Pathophysiological basis for compromised health beyond generations: role of maternal high-fat diet and low-grade chronic inflammation.
Testing the bi-dimensional effects of attitudes on behavioural intentions and subsequent behaviour.
Thalidomide controls adipose tissue inflammation associated with high-fat diet-induced obesity in mice.
Pregestational maternal obesity impairs endocrine pancreas in male F1 and F2 progeny.
Dietary fat increases vitamin D-3 absorption.
Insulin-Like growth factor 1 related pathways and high-fat diet promotion of transgenic adenocarcinoma mouse prostate (TRAMP) cancer progression.
Dietary phytic acid modulates characteristics of the colonic luminal environment and reduces serum levels of proinflammatory cytokines in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Curcumin protects hearts from FFA-induced injury by activating Nrf2 and inactivating NF-κB both in vitro and in vivo.
Gallic acid attenuates high-fat diet fed-streptozotocin-induced insulin resistance via partial agonism of PPARγ in experimental type 2 diabetic rats and enhances glucose uptake through translocation and activation of GLUT4 in PI3K/p-Akt signaling pathway.
L-Carnitine intake prevents irregular feeding-induced obesity and lipid metabolism disorder.
TRAIL receptor deletion in mice suppresses the inflammation of nutrient excess.
Beneficial effects of phosphatidylcholine on high-fat diet-induced obesity, hyperlipidemia and fatty liver in mice.
Adipose tissue regulates hepatic cholesterol metabolism via adiponectin.
1-deoxynojirimycin isolated from Bacillus subtilis improves hepatic lipid metabolism and mitochondrial function in high-fat-fed mice.
Investigation of Functional Genes at Homologous Loci Identified Based on Genome-wide Association Studies of Blood Lipids via High-fat Diet Intervention in Rats using an in vivo Approach.
QCM-4, a 5-HT₃ receptor antagonist ameliorates plasma HPA axis hyperactivity, leptin resistance and brain oxidative stress in depression and anxiety-like behavior in obese mice.
Environmental enrichment and cafeteria diet attenuate the response to chronic variable stress in rats.
Metabolic responses to dietary fatty acids in obese women.
Chronic exposure to low dose bacterial lipopolysaccharide inhibits leptin signaling in vagal afferent neurons.
Nutritional B vitamin deficiency alters the expression of key proteins associated with vascular smooth muscle cell proliferation and migration in the aorta of atherosclerotic apolipoprotein E null mice.
Hypoglycemic effect of deoxynojirimycin-polysaccharide on high fat diet and streptozotocin-induced diabetic mice via regulation of hepatic glucose metabolism.
Transient receptor potential vanilloid 1 gene deficiency ameliorates hepatic injury in a mouse model of chronic binge alcohol-induced alcoholic liver disease.
Differential effects of quercetin on hippocampus-dependent learning and memory in mice fed with different diets related with oxidative stress.
Effects of high selenium and fat supplementation on growth performance and thyroid hormones concentration of broilers.
Expression of variant transcripts of the potassium channel tetramerization domain-containing 15 (KCTD15) gene and their association with fatness traits in chickens.
Vascular pathology of 20-month-old hypercholesterolemia mice in comparison to triple-transgenic and APPSwDI Alzheimer's disease mouse models.
Effects of nutritional status on plasma leptin levels and in vitro regulation of adipocyte leptin expression and secretion in rainbow trout.
The development of diet-induced obesity and associated metabolic impairments in Dj-1 deficient mice.
Antagonism of gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP) by palmitoylation of GIP analogues with N- and C-terminal modifications improves obesity and metabolic control in high fat fed mice.
A Selective Sweep on a Deleterious Mutation in CPT1A in Arctic Populations.
Naringenin suppresses macrophage infiltration into adipose tissue in an early phase of high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Increased expression of Hes5 protein in Notch signaling pathway in the hippocampus of mice offspring of dams fed a high-fat diet during pregnancy and suckling.
Effect of media milling on lipid-lowering and antioxidant activities of chitosan.
High fat diet promotes achievement of peak bone mass in young rats.
Dietary effects on liver tumor burden in mice treated with the hepatocellular carcinogen diethylnitrosamine.
Effects of total and regional fat loss on plasma CRP and IL-6 in overweight and obese, older adults with knee osteoarthritis.
Glycogen synthase kinase 3α deficiency attenuates atherosclerosis and hepatic steatosis in high fat diet-fed low density lipoprotein receptor-deficient mice.
The effects of a single bout of aerobic or resistance exercise on food reward.
Hepatic protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B (PTP1B) deficiency protects against obesity-induced endothelial dysfunction.
Transcriptomics expression analysis to unveil the molecular mechanisms underlying the cocoa polyphenol treatment in diet-induced obesity rats.
Effect of maternal use of flaxseed oil during pregnancy and lactation on glucose metabolism and pancreas histomorphometry of male offspring from diabetic rats.
Metabolic syndrome-associated sperm alterations in an experimental rabbit model: relation with metabolic profile, testis and epididymis gene expression and effect of tamoxifen treatment.
ARTD1-induced poly-ADP-ribose formation enhances PPARγ ligand binding and co-factor exchange.
Green Tea Lowers Hepatic COX-2 and Prostaglandin E2 in Rats with Dietary Fat-Induced Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis.
Epigallocatechin gallate prevents inflammation by reducing macrophage infiltration and inhibiting tumor necrosis factor-α signaling in the pancreas of rats on a high-fat diet.
The relationship between unhealthy snacking at school and academic outcomes: a population study in Chilean schoolchildren.
High-fat diets and seizure control in myoclonic-astatic epilepsy: a single center's experience.
Purification, characterization and anti-diabetic activity of a polysaccharide from mulberry leaf.
Diet supplementation with cholic acid promotes intestinal epithelial proliferation in rats exposed to γ-radiation.
Cannabinoid type 1 (CB1) receptors on Sim1-expressing neurons regulate energy expenditure in male mice.
Over-expression of Follistatin-like 3 attenuates fat accumulation and improves insulin sensitivity in mice.
S-Adenosylmethionine increases circulating very-low density lipoprotein clearance in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
IRE1 impairs insulin signaling transduction of fructose-fed mice via JNK independent of excess lipid.
Poor diet quality among Brazilian adolescents with HIV/AIDS.
Magainin-AM2 improves glucose homeostasis and beta cell function in high-fat fed mice.
Inhibition of AMP deaminase activity does not improve glucose control in rodent models of insulin resistance or diabetes.
Effect of dietary starch level and high rumen-undegradable protein on endocrine-metabolic status, milk yield, and milk composition in dairy cows during early and late lactation.
Protective effect of hydrogen sulfide on pancreatic beta-cells.
Meal-based enhancement of protein quality and quantity during weight loss in obese older adults with mobility limitations: rationale and design for the MEASUR-UP trial.
Defective mitophagy driven by dysregulation of rheb and KIF5B contributes to mitochondrial reactive oxygen species (ROS)-induced nod-like receptor 3 (NLRP3) dependent proinflammatory response and aggravates lipotoxicity.
Estradiol improves cardiovascular function through up-regulation of SOD2 on vascular wall.
Nutritional properties and consumer evaluation of donkey bresaola and salami: comparison with conventional products.
The flavonoid monoHER promotes the adaption to oxidative stress during the onset of NAFLD.
Activating brown adipose tissue for weight loss and lowering of blood glucose levels: a microPET study using obese and diabetic model mice.
Renin inhibition reduces atherosclerotic plaque neovessel formation and regresses advanced atherosclerotic plaques.
Lipid crystals mechanically stimulate adjacent extracellular matrix in advanced atherosclerotic plaques.
Heat shock protein 65 promotes atherosclerosis through impairing the properties of high density lipoprotein.
Decreased lipogenesis in white adipose tissue contributes to the resistance to high fat diet-induced obesity in phosphatidylethanolamine N-methyltransferase-deficient mice.
Mitochondrial dysfunction and tissue injury by alcohol, high fat, nonalcoholic substances and pathological conditions through post-translational protein modifications.
Performance, digestion, nitrogen balance, and emission of manure ammonia, enteric methane, and carbon dioxide in lactating cows fed diets with varying alfalfa silage-to-corn silage ratios.
Effect of dietary starch concentration and fish oil supplementation on milk yield and composition, diet digestibility, and methane emissions in lactating dairy cows.
Effect of corn silage particle size and supplemental hay on rumen pH and feed preference by dairy cows fed high-starch diets.
The effect of dietary crude protein and phosphorus on grass-fed dairy cow production, nutrient status, and milk heat stability.
Effects of dietary starch content and rate of fermentation on methane production in lactating dairy cows.
Effects of corn-based diet starch content and neutral detergent fiber source on lactation performance, digestibility, and bacterial protein flow in dairy cows.
A high fat, high cholesterol diet leads to changes in metabolite patterns in pigs--a metabolomic study.
Adipocyte-specific IKKβ signaling suppresses adipose tissue inflammation through an IL-13-dependent paracrine feedback pathway.
Effect of glutamine supplementation on cardiovascular risk factors in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Exploring the relationship between preferences for high fat foods and efficacy of the ketogenic and modified Atkins diets among children with seizure disorders.
The early origins of food preferences: targeting the critical windows of development.
IGF-I at 9 and 36 months of age — relations with body composition and diet at 3 years — the SKOT cohort.
Lard-based high-fat diet increases secretory leukocyte protease inhibitor expression and attenuates the inflammatory response of acute lung injury in endotoxemic rats.
Maintenance of energy expenditure on high-protein vs. high-carbohydrate diets at a constant body weight may prevent a positive energy balance.
Functional foods and cardiometabolic diseases* International Task Force for Prevention of Cardiometabolic Diseases.
Modest hyperglycemia prevents interstitial dispersion of insulin in skeletal muscle.
Effect of dietary fatty acid supplements, varying in fatty acid composition, on milk fat secretion in dairy cattle fed diets supplemented to less than 3% total fatty acids.
Effect of Lactobacillus acidophilus NS1 on plasma cholesterol levels in diet-induced obese mice.
Effect of prepartal and postpartal dietary fat level on performance and plasma concentration of metabolites in transition dairy cows.
Maternal diet but not gestational weight gain predicts central adiposity accretion in utero among pregnant adolescents.
Mechanistic links between gut microbial community dynamics, microbial functions and metabolic health.
Stool phospholipid signature is altered by diet and tumors.
Circulating extracellular vesicles with specific proteome and liver microRNAs are potential biomarkers for liver injury in experimental fatty liver disease.
Bugs and food: a recipe for cancer?
Protective effect of liraglutide against ER stress in the liver of high-fat diet-induced insulin-resistant rats.
Protection from diabetes-induced atherosclerosis and renal disease by D-carnosine-octylester: effects of early vs late inhibition of advanced glycation end-products in Apoe-null mice.
Intravenous lipids in preterm infants: impact on laboratory and clinical outcomes and long-term consequences.
Intravenous lipid emulsions in term infants: impact on laboratory and clinical outcomes and long-term consequences.
Intravenous lipids in adult intensive care unit patients.
Hyperreactivity of junctional adhesion molecule A-deficient platelets accelerates atherosclerosis in hyperlipidemic mice.

PKA Enhances the Acute Insulin Response Leading to the Restoration of Glucose Control.
Salsalate activates brown adipose tissue in mice.
Impairing eukaryotic elongation factor 2 kinase activity decreases atherosclerotic plaque formation.
Hematopoietic tissue factor-protease-activated receptor 2 signaling promotes hepatic inflammation and contributes to pathways of gluconeogenesis and steatosis in obese mice.
Beneficial effects of soy milk and fiber on high cholesterol diet-induced alteration of gut microbiota and inflammatory gene expression in rats.
PON3 knockout mice are susceptible to obesity, gallstone formation, and atherosclerosis.
Activation of Foxo1 by insulin resistance promotes cardiac dysfunction and β-myosin heavy chain gene expression.
Adipocyte-specific disruption of fat-specific protein 27 causes hepatosteatosis and insulin resistance in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Induction of heme oxygenase-1 with hemin reduces obesity-induced adipose tissue inflammation via adipose macrophage phenotype switching.
Excessive refined carbohydrates and scarce micronutrients intakes increase inflammatory mediators and insulin resistance in prepubertal and pubertal obese children independently of obesity.
Dietary intakes and leptin concentrations.
Plasma gelsolin levels decrease in diabetic state and increase upon treatment with F-actin depolymerizing versions of gelsolin.
Brown Alga Ecklonia cava polyphenol extract ameliorates hepatic lipogenesis, oxidative stress, and inflammation by activation of AMPK and SIRT1 in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Effects of maternal LPS exposure during pregnancy on metabolic phenotypes in female offspring.
Transient decrements in mood during energy deficit are independent of dietary protein-to-carbohydrate ratio.
Assessment of fibrosis during the development of fatty liver in rabbits using real-time shear-wave elastography.
[Expression and significance of hypoxia-inducible factor-1α in lung tissues of obesity-asthma rat].
Effects of fish oil and spirulina on oxidative stress and inflammation in hypercholesterolemic hamsters.
Rapeseed or linseed in dairy cow diets over 2 consecutive lactations: effects on adipose fatty acid profile and carry-over effects on milk fat composition in subsequent early lactation.
Maternal exposure to diets containing flaxseed flour or flaxseed oil during pregnancy and lactation protects the aortic remodeling in adult male offspring of diabetic rat dams.
Skeletal muscle Sirt3 expression and mitochondrial respiration are regulated by a prenatal low-protein diet.
BH3-only proteins contribute to steatotic liver ischemia-reperfusion injury.
Optogenetic control of insulin secretion in intact pancreatic islets with β-cell-specific expression of Channelrhodopsin-2.
Beneficial effects of tigerinin-1R on glucose homeostasis and beta cell function in mice with diet-induced obesity-diabetes.
3-Keto-1,5-bisphosphonates Alleviate Serum-Oxidative Stress in the High-fat Diet Induced Obesity in Rats.
Effects of lactic acid bacteria on cardiac apoptosis are mediated by activation of the phosphatidylinositol-3 kinase/AKT survival-signalling pathway in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Calcium channel blockers as potential therapeutics for obesity-associated autophagy defects and fatty liver pathologies.
ARG2 impairs endothelial autophagy through regulation of MTOR and PRKAA/AMPK signaling in advanced atherosclerosis.
Dysregulated autophagy in the RPE is associated with increased susceptibility to oxidative stress and AMD.
ACE2 deficiency shifts energy metabolism towards glucose utilization.
Intermittent access to liquid sucrose differentially modulates energy intake and related central pathways in control or high-fat fed mice.
Repeated allopregnanolone exposure induces weight gain in schedule fed rats on high fat diet.
Gluten sensitivity: new epidemic or new myth?
Comparison of rapamycin schedules in mice on high-fat diet.
Milk production and nutrient partitioning as measured by (13)C enrichment of milk components during C3 and C4 plant feeding in purebred Holstein and in Charolais × Holstein F2 crossbred cows.
Obesity superimposed on aging magnifies inflammation and delays the resolving response after myocardial infarction.
Vasonatrin peptide attenuates myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury in diabetic rats and underlying mechanisms.
Inhibiting peripheral serotonin synthesis reduces obesity and metabolic dysfunction by promoting brown adipose tissue thermogenesis.
A vaccine targeted at CETP alleviates high fat and high cholesterol diet-induced atherosclerosis and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in rabbit.
Amelioration of hypercholesterolemia by an EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor in mice with liver-specific knockout of Mig-6.
Withdrawal of dietary phytoestrogens in adult male rats affects hypothalamic regulation of food intake, induces obesity and alters glucose metabolism.
Protopanaxatriol, a novel PPARγ antagonist from Panax ginseng, alleviates steatosis in mice.
Eating patterns are associated with cognitive function in the elderly at risk of metabolic syndrome from rural areas.
Methyl vitamins contribute to obesogenic effects of a high multivitamin gestational diet and epigenetic alterations in hypothalamic feeding pathways in Wistar rat offspring.
Preventive effects of bitter melon (Momordica charantia) against insulin resistance and diabetes are associated with the inhibition of NF-κB and JNK pathways in high-fat-fed OLETF rats.
Uric acid promotes left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in mice fed a Western diet.
A high-protein diet for reducing body fat: mechanisms and possible caveats.
Arctiin inhibits adipogenesis in 3T3-L1 cells and decreases adiposity and body weight in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Soy protein isolate inhibits high-fat diet-induced senescence pathways in osteoblasts to maintain bone acquisition in male rats.
Overexpression of sphingosine kinase 1 in liver reduces triglyceride content in mice fed a low but not high-fat diet.
Trans-sodium crocetinate provides neuroprotection against cerebral ischemia and reperfusion in obese mice.
Effect of extruded linseeds alone or in combination with fish oil on intake, milk production, plasma metabolite concentrations and milk fatty acid composition in lactating goats.
The cholesterol-lowering agent methyl-β-cyclodextrin promotes glucose uptake via GLUT4 in adult muscle fibers and reduces insulin resistance in obese mice.
Association between dietary fat intake and bone mineral density in Korean adults: data from Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey IV (2008 ∼ 2009).
[Cross-sectional association between overall diet quality and overweight/obesity among children and adolescents in Chengdu].
Kaempferia parviflora extract increases energy consumption through activation of BAT in mice.
Impact of excess gestational and post-weaning energy intake on vascular function of swine offspring.
Partial agonist activity of R3(BΔ23-27)R/I5 at RXFP3--investigation of in vivo and in vitro pharmacology.
[Influence of GLP-1 on oxidative stress injury in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease rats].
Why is obesity such a problem in the 21st century? The intersection of palatable food, cues and reward pathways, stress, and cognition.
Microglia dictate the impact of saturated fat consumption on hypothalamic inflammation and neuronal function.
Leptin resistance and diet-induced obesity: central and peripheral actions of leptin.
Effect of increasing body condition on key regulators of fat metabolism in subcutaneous adipose tissue depot and circulation of nonlactating dairy cows.
The effect of hybrid type and dietary proportions of corn silage on the lactation performance of high-producing dairy cows.
Rapid analysis of hypolipidemic drugs in a live zebrafish assay.
Effect of prenatal exposure to LPS combined with pre- and post-natal high-fat diet on hippocampus in rat offspring.
Obesity induced rapid melanoma progression is reversed by orlistat treatment and dietary intervention: role of adipokines.
Maternal dietary protein supplement confers long-term sex-specific beneficial consequences of obesity resistance and glucose tolerance to the offspring in Brandt's voles.
PET/CT and MR imaging biomarker of lipid-rich plaques using [64Cu]-labeled scavenger receptor (CD68-Fc).
Familial chylomicronemia syndrome and response to medium-chain triglyceride therapy in an infant with novel mutations in GPIHBP1.
Reply: To PMID 24321208.
Maternal high-fat diet feeding during pregnancy and lactation augments lung inflammation and remodeling in the offspring.
Effects of dietary sodium and the DASH diet on the occurrence of headaches: results from randomised multicentre DASH-Sodium clinical trial.
Intestinal farnesoid X receptor signaling promotes nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Targeting development of incretin-producing cells increases insulin secretion.
Wild blueberries (Vaccinium myrtillus) alleviate inflammation and hypertension associated with developing obesity in mice fed with a high-fat diet.
FTO knockdown in rat ventromedial hypothalamus does not affect energy balance.
A high-fat diet modulates iron metabolism but does not promote liver fibrosis in hemochromatotic Hjv⁻/⁻ mice.
Micro-RNA 21 inhibition of SMAD7 enhances fibrogenesis via leptin-mediated NADPH oxidase in experimental and human nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
A model of metabolic syndrome and related diseases with intestinal endotoxemia in rats fed a high fat and high sucrose diet.
Amelioration of high fat diet-induced glucose intolerance by blockade of Smad4 in pancreatic beta-cells.
Accumulation of oxidized LDL in the tendon tissues of C57BL/6 or apolipoprotein E knock-out mice that consume a high fat diet: potential impact on tendon health.
Adult exercise effects on oxidative stress and reproductive programming in male offspring of obese rats.
Modifiable lifestyle risk factors and metabolic syndrome: opportunities for a web-based preventive program.
Calorie restriction improves cognitive decline via up-regulation of brain-derived neurotrophic factor: tropomyosin-related kinase B in hippocampus ofobesity-induced hypertensive rats.
Hydrodynamic delivery of interleukin 15 gene promotes resistance to high fat diet-induced obesity, fatty liver and improves glucose homeostasis.
Hepatic Phosphoserine Aminotransferase 1 Regulates Insulin Sensitivity in Mice via Tribbles Homolog 3.
Metabolic syndrome exacerbates inflammation and bone loss in periodontitis.
The production of coagulation factor VII by adipocytes is enhanced by tumor necrosis factor-α or isoproterenol.
Maternal obesity and overnutrition increase oxidative stress in male rat offspring reproductive system and decrease fertility.
A weekly alternating diet between caloric restriction and medium fat protects the liver from fatty liver development in middle-aged C57BL/6J mice.
Mesenchymal Stem Cells Ameliorate Atherosclerotic Lesions via Restoring Endothelial Function.
Illness perception and adherence to healthy behaviour in Jordanian coronary heart disease patients.
Conjugated linoleic Acid supplementation during pregnancy and lactation reduces maternal high-fat-diet-induced programming of early-onset puberty and hyperlipidemia in female rat offspring.
Impact of nutrient excess and endothelial nitric oxide synthase on the plasma metabolite profile in mice.
Alteration of loperamide-induced prostate relaxation in high-fat diet-fed rats.
Healthy dietary interventions and lipoprotein (a) plasma levels: results from the Omni Heart Trial.
Nutrients differentially regulate nucleobindin-2/nesfatin-1 in vitro in cultured stomach ghrelinoma (MGN3-1) cells and in vivo in male mice.
Correlativity between blood measures related to blood stasis blocking collaterals and gene expression of angiotensin-converting enzyme of renal cortex in diabetic rats and effect of stasis removing and collaterals dredging.
[Catalpol protect diabetic vascular endothelial function by inhibiting NADPH oxidase].
Energy and macronutrient intakes in older urban and rural Iranian adults.
[Effects of different exercise intensity on PPARγ and relative index in adolescent obesity rats].
[Effects of high-fat diet on FABP2 mRNA expression in small intestinal tissue of young rats].
[Regulation effects of electroacupuncture with different acupoint combinations on blood lipid in rats with hyperlipemia].
Activation of prostaglandin E2-EP4 signaling reduces chemokine production in adipose tissue.
AMPD1: a novel therapeutic target for reversing insulin resistance.
Isoflavone and protein constituents of lactic acid-fermented soy milk combine to prevent dyslipidemia in rats fed a high cholesterol diet.
Acupuncture promotes white adipose tissue browning by inducing UCP1 expression on DIO mice.
HOX-7 suppresses body weight gain and adipogenesis-related gene expression in high-fat-diet-induced obese mice.
Cholesterol-cholate-butterfat diet offers multi-organ dysfunction in rats.
Weight changes in Portuguese patients with depression: which factors are involved?
Host genetics and diet, but not immunoglobulin A expression, converge to shape compositional features of the gut microbiome in an advanced intercross population of mice.
Glucosamine enhances body weight gain and reduces insulin response in mice fed chow diet but mitigates obesity, insulin resistance and impaired glucose tolerance in mice high-fat diet.
Fiber-type-specific sensitivities and phenotypic adaptations to dietary fat overload differentially impact fast- versus slow-twitch muscle contractile function in C57BL/6J mice.
A combination of exercise and capsinoid supplementation additively suppresses diet-induced obesity by increasing energy expenditure in mice.
Neurobiochemical mechanisms of a ketogenic diet in refractory epilepsy.
[Effect of acupoint-catgut-embedding intervention on type II diabetic rats].
Gut microbiota and energy balance: role in obesity.
Lactobacillus rhamnosus LA68 and Lactobacillus plantarum WCFS1 differently influence metabolic and immunological parameters in high fat diet-induced hypercholesterolemia and hepatic steatosis.
Spicy food consumption is associated with adiposity measures among half a million Chinese people: the China Kadoorie Biobank study.
High-protein diet improves postoperative weight gain after massive small-bowel resection.
Impact of nutrients on circadian rhythmicity.
Cholesterol-lowering drugs cause dissolution of cholesterol crystals and disperse Kupffer cell crown-like structures during resolution of NASH.
Prenatal nicotine exposure enhances Cx43 and Panx1 unopposed channel activity in brain cells of adult offspring mice fed a high-fat/cholesterol diet.
Short term fat feeding rapidly increases plasma insulin but does not result in dyslipidaemia.
Auricularia polytricha aqueous extract supplementation decreases hepatic lipid accumulation and improves antioxidative status in animal model of nonalcoholic fatty liver.
Perinatal maternal feeding with an energy dense diet and/or micronutrient mixture drives offspring fat distribution depending on the sex and growth stage.
FABP4 is secreted from adipocytes by adenyl cyclase-PKA- and guanylyl cyclase-PKG-dependent lipolytic mechanisms.
Dietary lipids modulate the expression of miR-107, an miRNA that regulates the circadian system.
TLR4-mediated inflammation promotes foam cell formation of vascular smooth muscle cell by upregulating ACAT1 expression.
Anti-obesity effect of (8-E)-niizhenide, a secoiridoid from Ligustrum lucidum, in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Persistent cerebrovascular damage after stroke in type two diabetic rats measured by magnetic resonance imaging.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid and ursodeoxycholic acid have an additive effect in attenuating diet-induced nonalcoholic steatohepatitis in mice.
Salicornia herbacea prevents weight gain and hepatic lipid accumulation in obese ICR mice fed a high-fat diet.
Atorvastatin in the management of tinnitus with hyperlipidemias.
Role of Fn14 in acute alcoholic steatohepatitis in mice.
Influence of bariatric surgery on the expression of nesfatin-1 in rats with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Differential effects of chlorinated and oxidized phospholipids in vascular tissue: implications for neointima formation.
Association between Western diet pattern and adult asthma: a focused review.
MicroRNA 302a is a novel modulator of cholesterol homeostasis and atherosclerosis.
Transthyretin Antisense Oligonucleotides Lower Circulating RBP4 Levels and Improve Insulin Sensitivity in Obese Mice.
Lowering body weight in obese mice with diastolic heart failure improves cardiac insulin sensitivity and function: implications for the obesity paradox.
Luteolin attenuates hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance through the interplay between the liver and adipose tissue in mice with diet-induced obesity.
The E3 ubiquitin ligase Pellino3 protects against obesity-induced inflammation and insulin resistance.
Arsenic contents in rats' fur as an indicator of exposure to arsenic. Preliminary studies.
MacroH2A1 isoforms are associated with epigenetic markers for activation of lipogenic genes in fat-induced steatosis.
Effects of endogenous and exogenous micronutrients in rapeseed oils on the antioxidant status and lipid profile in high-fat fed rats.
Daidzein enhances intramuscular fat deposition and improves meat quality in finishing steers.
Combination of carvacrol and rosiglitazone ameliorates high fat diet induced changes in lipids and inflammatory markers in C57BL/6J mice.
Metformin beyond diabetes: pleiotropic benefits of metformin in attenuation of atherosclerosis.
A dietary guideline adherence score is positively associated with dietary biomarkers but not lipid profile in healthy children.
Dietary substitutions for refined carbohydrate that show promise for reducing risk of type 2 diabetes in men and women.
A lower-carbohydrate, higher-fat diet reduces abdominal and intermuscular fat and increases insulin sensitivity in adults at risk of type 2 diabetes.
Palmitoleic acid is elevated in fatty liver disease and reflects hepatic lipogenesis.
Proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy reveals increased hepatic lipid content after a single high-fat meal with no additional modulation by added protein.
Caveolin-1 prevents sustained angiotensin II-induced resistance artery constriction and obesity-induced high blood pressure.
Short-term moderate exercise provides long-lasting protective effects against metabolic dysfunction in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Dietary predictors of arterial stiffness in a cohort with type 1 and type 2 diabetes.
Allopurinol alleviates hypertension and proteinuria in high fructose, high salt and high fat induced model of metabolic syndrome.
Short communication: Milk fat depression induced by conjugated linoleic acid and a high-oil and low-fiber diet occurs equally across the day in Holstein cows.
MiR-378a-3p enhances adipogenesis by targeting mitogen-activated protein kinase 1.
Prostate hyperplasia caused by long-term obesity is characterized by high deposition of extracellular matrix and increased content of MMP-9 and VEGF.
An overview of the nutrition transition in West Africa: implications for non-communicable diseases.
High vitamin D and calcium intakes increase bone mineral (Ca and P) content in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Diosgenin reorganises hyperglycaemia and distorted tissue lipid profile in high-fat diet-streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Lifestyle behaviors and self-rated health: the living for health program.
Comparative microRNA expression profiles of cynomolgus monkeys, rat, and human reveal that mir-182 is involved in T2D pathogenic processes.
[Liraglutide protects against nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in ApoE knockout mice with high-fat diet and silenced Acrp30 by increasing AMPK].
Diet dominates host genotype in shaping the murine gut microbiota.
The role of dietary fat throughout the prostate cancer trajectory.
A maternal mouse diet with moderately high-fat levels does not lead to maternal obesity but causes mesenteric adipose tissue dysfunction in male offspring.
Butter naturally enriched in cis-9, trans-11 CLA prevents hyperinsulinemia and increases both serum HDL cholesterol and triacylglycerol levels in rats.
Effects of diet on adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase activity and disease progression in an amyotrophic lateral sclerosis model.
Down-regulation of miR-144 elicits proinflammatory cytokine production by targeting toll-like receptor 2 in nonalcoholic steatohepatitis of high-fat-diet-induced metabolic syndrome E3 rats.
Role of physical exercise on hepatic insulin, glucocorticoid and inflammatory signaling pathways in an animal model of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Consumption of a high n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid diet during gradual mild physiological stress in rats.
IRAP deficiency attenuates diet-induced obesity in mice through increased energy expenditure.
The liver-selective NO donor, V-PYRRO/NO, protects against liver steatosis and improves postprandial glucose tolerance in mice fed high fat diet.
Perceptions and dietary intake of self-described healthy and unhealthy eaters with severe mental illness.
Adult-onset deficiency of acyl CoA:monoacylglycerol acyltransferase 2 protects mice from diet-induced obesity and glucose intolerance.
Dietary exposure to the endocrine disruptor tolylfluanid promotes global metabolic dysfunction in male mice.
Dietary cholesterol directly induces acute inflammasome-dependent intestinal inflammation.
Rosuvastatin ameliorates inflammation, renal fat accumulation, and kidney injury in transgenic spontaneously hypertensive rats expressing human C-reactive protein.
Exercise training attenuates sympathetic activation and oxidative stress in diet-induced obesity.
Cholesterol side chain analogs but not its ether analogs possess cholesterol-lowering activity.
Effects of a low-fat diet on the hepatic expression of adiponectin and its receptors in rats with NAFLD.
Renal effects of chronic pharmacological manipulation of CB2 receptors in rats with diet-induced obesity.
Nutrition and pubertal development.
Cholesterol-lowering potentials of lactic acid bacteria based on bile-salt hydrolase activity and effect of potent strains on cholesterol metabolism in vitro and in vivo.
Effect of Training Intensity on Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Upregulation of bile acid receptor TGR5 and nNOS in gastric myenteric plexus is responsible for delayed gastric emptying after chronic high-fat feeding in rats.
Ameliorative potential of omega 3 fatty acids and HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors on experimentally-induced non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Effect of chronic p,p'-dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene (DDE) exposure on high fat diet-induced alterations in glucose and lipid metabolism in male C57BL/6H mice.
The beneficial effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on diet induced obesity and impaired glucose control do not require Gpr120.
Prenatal metformin exposure in a maternal high fat diet mouse model alters the transcriptome and modifies the metabolic responses of the offspring.
High-fat diet decreases the expression of Kiss1 mRNA and kisspeptin in the ovary, and increases ovulatory dysfunction in postpubertal female rats.
In vivo effects of dietary quercetin and quercetin-rich red onion extract on skeletal muscle mitochondria, metabolism, and insulin sensitivity.
High fat diet decreases beneficial effects of estrogen on serotonin-related gene expression in marmosets.
Ameliorative effect of nicorandil on high fat diet induced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in rats.
Diet-induced obesity attenuates endotoxin-induced cognitive deficits.
Greenhouse gas emission of diets in the Netherlands and associations with food, energy and macronutrient intakes.
[Effect of chronic high-fat diet on predation behavior in rats].
Magainin-related peptides stimulate insulin-release and improve glucose tolerance in high fat fed mice.
High fat feeding is associated with stimulation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis and reduced anxiety in the rat.
Dietary blueberry and bifidobacteria attenuate nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in rats by affecting SIRT1-mediated signaling pathway.
Imbalanced gp130 signalling in ApoE-deficient mice protects against atherosclerosis.
Associations between meal size, gastric emptying and post-prandial plasma glucose, insulin and lactate concentrations in meal-fed cats.
Hematopoietic stem/progenitor cells directly contribute to arteriosclerotic progression via integrin β2.
Conditional knockout of prolyl hydroxylase domain protein 2 attenuates high fat-diet-induced cardiac dysfunction in mice.
Fat and starch as additive risk factors for milk fat depression in dairy diets containing corn dried distillers grains with solubles.
Incremental amounts of Ascophyllum nodosum meal do not improve animal performance but do increase milk iodine output in early lactation dairy cows fed high-forage diets.
Effects of various starch feeding regimens on responses of dairy cows to intramammary lipopolysaccharide infusion.
The safety and anti-hypercholesterolemic effect of coptisine in Syrian golden hamsters.
[Effects of insulin on pigment epithelium-derived factor expression in adipocytes of type 2 diabetic mellitus in rats].
Expression analysis of two P450 monooxygenase genes of the tobacco cutworm moth (Spodoptera litura) at different developmental stages and in response to plant allelochemicals.
ApoA5 knockdown improves whole-body insulin sensitivity in high-fat-fed mice by reducing ectopic lipid content.
CETP genotype and changes in lipid levels in response to weight-loss diet intervention in the POUNDS LOST and DIRECT randomized trials.
MicroRNA-185 regulates expression of lipid metabolism genes and improves insulin sensitivity in mice with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
A Western-fed diet increases plasma HDL and LDL-cholesterol levels in apoD-/- mice.
Limited mitochondrial capacity of visceral versus subcutaneous white adipocytes in male C57BL/6N mice.
Moderate ethanol administration accentuates cardiomyocyte contractile dysfunction and mitochondrial injury in high fat diet-induced obesity.
Establishment of an animal model of vascular restenosis with bilateral carotid artery grafting.
Acute Wnt pathway activation positively regulates leptin gene expression in mature adipocytes.
Syndecan-1 modulates the motility and resolution responses of macrophages.
The effect of dietary fat levels on the size and development of Chrysomya megacephala (Diptera: Calliphoridae).
The androgen receptor confers protection against diet-induced atherosclerosis, obesity, and dyslipidemia in female mice.
Appearance and disappearance of the mRNA signature characteristic of Treg cells in visceral adipose tissue: age, diet, and PPARγ effects.
Cardioprotective effect of resveratrol on atherogenic diet-fed rats.
A maternal high fat diet has long-lasting effects on skeletal muscle lipid and PLIN protein content in rat offspring at young adulthood.
Imeglimin normalizes glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity and improves mitochondrial function in liver of a high-fat, high-sucrose diet mice model.
Integrated 18F-FDG PET/MR imaging in the assessment of cardiac masses: a pilot study.
High pressure processing alters water distribution enabling the production of reduced-fat and reduced-salt pork sausages.
Ghrelin receptor deficiency aggravates atherosclerotic plaque instability and vascular inflammation.
Intervention based on Transtheoretical Model promotes anthropometric and nutritional improvements - a randomized controlled trial.
Isolation of a new flavanone from Daidai fruit and hypolipidemic activity of total flavonoids extracts.
Food composition influences metabolism, heart rate and organ growth during digestion in Python regius.
A high-fat diet rich in corn oil reduces spontaneous locomotor activity and induces insulin resistance in mice.
Effect of high-fat or high-glucose diet on obesity and visceral adipose tissue in mice.
12/15-Lipoxygenase-dependent ROS production is required for diet-induced endothelial barrier dysfunction.
Alarming evidence: high fat diet alters brainstem circuits prior to the development of obesity.
Exposure to a high fat diet during the perinatal period alters vagal motoneurone excitability, even in the absence of obesity.
Late effects of sleep restriction: Potentiating weight gain and insulin resistance arising from a high-fat diet in mice.
Effects of weight loss via high fat vs. low fat alternate day fasting diets on free fatty acid profiles.
Effect of By-product Feed-based Silage Feeding on the Performance, Blood Metabolites, and Carcass Characteristics of Hanwoo Steers (a Field Study).
Effects of Dietary Coconut Oil as a Medium-chain Fatty Acid Source on Performance, Carcass Composition and Serum Lipids in Male Broilers.
Effect of condensed corn distillers solubles concentration on lactation performance of Holstein cows.
Diastolic function of the right ventricle is impaired in experimental type 2 diabetic rat models.
Obesity-induced oxidative stress, accelerated functional decline with age and increased mortality in mice.
Effects of daily almond consumption on cardiometabolic risk and abdominal adiposity in healthy adults with elevated LDL-cholesterol: a randomized controlled trial.
MiR-146b attenuates high-fat diet-induced non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in mice.
Thyrotropin and obesity: increased adipose triglyceride content through glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase 3.
Sodium butyrate epigenetically modulates high-fat diet-induced skeletal muscle mitochondrial adaptation, obesity and insulin resistance through nucleosome positioning.
The influence of bromocryptine treatment on activity of the adenylyl cyclase system in the brain of rats with type 2 diabetes mellitus induced by high-fat diet.
Compound 21, a selective agonist of angiotensin AT2 receptors, prevents endothelial inflammation and leukocyte adhesion in vitro and in vivo.
Aberrant hepatic microRNA expression in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Prevention and reversal of lipotoxicity-induced hepatic insulin resistance and steatohepatitis in mice by an antioxidant carotenoid, β-cryptoxanthin.
Effect of Eclipta prostrata on lipid metabolism in hyperlipidemic animals.
Dietary changes associated with improvement of metabolic syndrome components in postmenopausal women receiving two different nutrition interventions.
Soy Protein Isolate Inhibits High Fat Diet-Induced Senescence Pathways in Osteoblasts to Maintain Bone Acquisition in Male Rats.
Mouse-human experimental epigenetic analysis unmasks dietary targets and genetic liability for diabetic phenotypes.
Dietary patterns in relation to stroke among Iranians: a case-control study.
Insulin resistance and white adipose tissue inflammation are uncoupled in energetically challenged Fsp27-deficient mice.
Effects of exercise and diet composition on expression of MCP-1 and oxidative stress-related mRNA of adipose tissue in diet-induced obese mice.
Exercise, but not quercetin, ameliorates inflammation, mitochondrial biogenesis, and lipid metabolism in skeletal muscle after strenuous exercise by high-fat diet mice.
Exercise training is more effective than resveratrol supplementation on alleviation of inflammation in peritoneal macrophages of high fat diet mice.
Exercise Training suppresses vascular fibrosis in aging obesity induced rats.
Combined influence of dietary restriction and treadmill running on MCP-1 and the expression of oxidative stress-related mRNA in the adipose tissue in obese mice.
Sleeve Gastrectomy Does Not Cause Hypertrophy and Reprogramming of Intestinal Glucose Metabolism in Rats.
Effect of nine diets on xenobiotic transporters in livers of mice.
Effect of a moderate fat diet with and without avocados on lipoprotein particle number, size and subclasses in overweight and obese adults: a randomized, controlled trial.
Pertinent plasma indicators of the ability of chickens to synthesize and store lipids.
The impact of dietary fat withdrawal on carcass iodine value, belly characteristics, and changes in body fat over time.
Spray-dried plasma promotes growth, modulates the activity of antioxidant defenses, and enhances the immune status of gilthead sea bream (Sparus aurata) fingerlings.
A synergistic, balanced antioxidant cocktail, protects aging rats from insulin resistance and absence of meal-induced insulin sensitization (AMIS) syndrome.
Obesity promotes alterations in iron recycling.
[Effect of Nrf2 and related factors on the progression of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis].
BBT improves glucose homeostasis by ameliorating β-cell dysfunction in type 2 diabetic mice.
Cardioprotective effect of epigallocatechin-3-gallate against myocardial infarction in hypercholesterolemic rats.
Antioxidative and antiatherogenic effects of flaxseed, α-tocopherol and their combination in diabetic hamsters fed with a high-fat diet.
Effect of extractions from <i>Ephedra sinica</i> Stapf on hyperlipidemia in mice.
Bile Routing Modification Reproduces Key Features of Gastric Bypass in Rat.
Hydrogen sulfide attenuates high fat diet-induced cardiac dysfunction via the suppression of endoplasmic reticulum stress.
Gene expression profile of high-fat diet-fed C57BL/6J mice: in search of potential role of azelaic acid.
Overweight in mice and enhanced adipogenesis in vitro are associated with lack of the hedgehog coreceptor boc.
Enhancement of hypothalamic STAT3 acetylation by nuclear receptor Nur77 dictates leptin sensitivity.
Growth performance and feed conversion efficiency of three edible mealworm species (Coleoptera: Tenebrionidae) on diets composed of organic by-products.
Regulation of insulin sensitivity, insulin production, and pancreatic β cell survival by angiotensin-(1-7) in a rat model of streptozotocin-induced diabetes mellitus.
High bone mass in adult mice with diet-induced obesity results from a combination of initial increase in bone mass followed by attenuation in bone formation; implications for high bone mass and decreased bone quality in obesity.
Fenofibrate (PPARalpha agonist) induces beige cell formation in subcutaneous white adipose tissue from diet-induced male obese mice.
Silencing of activin receptor-like kinase 7 alleviates aortic stiffness in type 2 diabetic rats.
Betaine supplementation prevents fatty liver induced by a high-fat diet: effects on one-carbon metabolism.
Saturated fat and cholesterol are critical to inducing murine metabolic syndrome with robust nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
[Establishment of an ultrasonographic method for evaluating the hepatic lipid accumulation in mice].
A platelet-activating factor (PAF) receptor deficiency exacerbates diet-induced obesity but PAF/PAF receptor signaling does not contribute to the development of obesity-induced chronic inflammation.
Jinlida reduces insulin resistance and ameliorates liver oxidative stress in high-fat fed rats.
Adipose fatty acid oxidation is required for thermogenesis and potentiates oxidative stress-induced inflammation.
Cold-inducible Zfp516 activates UCP1 transcription to promote browning of white fat and development of brown fat.
[Effects of carbon disulfide inhalation on lipid levels of ApoE gene knockout mice and C57BL/6J mice].
Effects of ellagic acid-rich extract of pomegranates peel on regulation of cholesterol metabolism and its molecular mechanism in hamsters.
Carnitine Palmitoyltransferase 1b Deficient Mice Develop Severe Insulin Resistance After Prolonged High Fat Diet Feeding.
The GLP-1 analogue exenatide improves hepatic and muscle insulin sensitivity in diabetic rats: tracer studies in the basal state and during hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp.
Sitagliptin, a dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor, improves recognition memory, oxidative stress and hippocampal neurogenesis and upregulates key genes involved in cognitive decline.
A fatty acid-dependent hypothalamic-DVC neurocircuitry that regulates hepatic secretion of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins.
Omega-3-carboxylic acid (Epanova) for hypertriglyceridemia.
Structure-function relationship of the milk fat globule.
Loss of FFA2 and FFA3 increases insulin secretion and improves glucose tolerance in type 2 diabetes.
Dehydrozingerone exerts beneficial metabolic effects in high-fat diet-induced obese mice via AMPK activation in skeletal muscle.
Early hepatic insult in the offspring of obese maternal mice.
[Protective effects of sulforaphane on the oxidative damage of kidney mitochondria complex in obese rats induced by high-fat diet].
Characterization of attenuated food motivation in high-fat diet-induced obesity: Critical roles for time on diet and reinforcer familiarity.
Effect of atorvastatin on memory in albino mice.
Bardoxolone methyl prevents high-fat diet-induced alterations in prefrontal cortex signalling molecules involved in recognition memory.
Loss of Atg12, but not Atg5, in pro-opiomelanocortin neurons exacerbates diet-induced obesity.
Baicalin inhibits the expression of monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 and interleukin-6 in the kidneys of apolipoprotein E-knockout mice fed a high cholesterol diet.
Hypolipidemic Effect and Mechanism of Palmatine from Coptis chinensis in Hamsters Fed High-Fat diet.
Impact of physical activity and diet on lipoprotein particle concentrations in severely obese women participating in a 1-year lifestyle intervention.
Oral absorption enhancement of probucol by PEGylated G5 PAMAM dendrimer modified nanoliposomes.
The effect of isorhamnetin glycosides extracted from Opuntia ficus-indica in a mouse model of diet induced obesity.
Effect of alternate-day fasting therapy combined with Linggui Zhugan Decoction () on hepatic oxidative stress in hyperlipidemic rat.
Effects of total fibre or resistant starch-rich diets within lifestyle intervention in obese prediabetic adults.
Leptin resistance in diet-induced obesity: the role of hypothalamic inflammation.
Modulation of diabetes and dyslipidemia in diabetic insulin-resistant rats by mangiferin: role of adiponectin and TNF-α.
Diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of gout.
BAFF knockout improves systemic inflammation via regulating adipose tissue distribution in high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Induction of histone H3K4 methylation at the promoter, enhancer, and transcribed regions of the Si and Sglt1 genes in rat jejunum in response to a high-starch/low-fat diet.
Involvement of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors in cardiac and vascular remodeling in a novel minipig model of insulin resistance and atherosclerosis induced by consumption of a high-fat/cholesterol diet.
Processes of behavior change and weight loss in a theory-based weight loss intervention program: a test of the process model for lifestyle behavior change.
Different effects of cholestyramine on postprandial secretions of cholecystokinin and peptide YY in women with bulimia nervosa.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress involved in high-fat diet and palmitic acid-induced vascular damages and fenofibrate intervention.
Maternal high-fat diet exaggerates atherosclerosis in adult offspring by augmenting periaortic adipose tissue-specific proinflammatory response.
Candy consumption patterns, effects on health, and behavioral strategies to promote moderation: summary report of a roundtable discussion.
Targeting microRNAs to limit myocardial lipid accumulation.
Integrin α1-null mice exhibit improved fatty liver when fed a high fat diet despite severe hepatic insulin resistance.
Macrophage apoAI protects against dyslipidemia-induced dermatitis and atherosclerosis without affecting HDL.
Dietary α-lactalbumin supplementation alleviates normocaloric western diet-induced glucose intolerance in Göttingen minipigs.
γ-Oryzanol protects pancreatic β-cells against endoplasmic reticulum stress in male mice.
A high-fat diet is associated with altered adipokine production and a more aggressive esophageal adenocarcinoma phenotype in vivo.
Inhibition of prolyl hydroxylase 3 ameliorates cardiac dysfunction in diabetic cardiomyopathy.
Neuroanatomical and functional characterization of CRF neurons of the amygdala using a novel transgenic mouse model.
Meals described as healthy or unhealthy match public health education in England.
Conditional knock-out reveals a requirement for O-linked N-Acetylglucosaminase (O-GlcNAcase) in metabolic homeostasis.
The mAb against adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein 2E4 attenuates the inflammation in the mouse model of high-fat diet-induced obesity via toll-like receptor 4 pathway.
Pharmacological and antioxidant actions of garlic and.or onion in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in rats.
Plane of nutrition influences the performance, innate leukocyte responses, and resistance to an oral Salmonella enterica serotype Typhimurium challenge in Jersey calves.
Modulation of the intestinal microbiota is associated with lower plasma cholesterol and weight gain in hamsters fed chardonnay grape seed flour.
Alcohol-induced Hyperlipidemia Is Ameliorated by Orally Administered DWP208, a Sodium Succinate Form of ZYM201.
Current Protocols in Mouse Biology.
Helichrysum and Grapefruit Extracts Boost Weight Loss in Overweight Rats Reducing Inflammation.
Role of FXR in β-cells of lean and obese mice.
Short- and medium-term efficacy of a Web-based computer-tailored nutrition education intervention for adults including cognitive and environmental feedback: randomized controlled trial.
Myocardial 14-3-3η protein protects against mitochondria mediated apoptosis.
The anti-obesity and anti-diabetic effects of kaempferol glycosides from unripe soybean leaves in high-fat-diet mice.
Effect of dietary fat and food consistency on gastroparesis symptoms in patients with gastroparesis.
Protective effect of rhGLP-1 (7-36) on brain ischemia/reperfusion damage in diabetic rats.
Macrophage-derived upd3 cytokine causes impaired glucose homeostasis and reduced lifespan in Drosophila fed a lipid-rich diet.
Mechanisms of insulin resistance in the amygdala: influences on food intake.
The rs340874 PROX1 type 2 diabetes mellitus risk variant is associated with visceral fat accumulation and alterations in postprandial glucose and lipid metabolism.
Establishment and ultrasound characteristics of atherosclerosis in rhesus monkey.
High fat diet exacerbates vascular endothelial dysfunction in rats exposed to continuous hypobaric hypoxia.
Determination of Dietary Status as a Risk Factor of Cardiovascular Heart Disease in Turkish Elderly People.
Palmitate activation by fatty acid transport protein 4 as a model system for hepatocellular apoptosis and steatosis.
[Effects of exercise and diet intervention on oxidative stress in insulin resistant rat].
A systematic review of the nutritional adequacy of the diet in the Central Andes.
Validity of electronic diet recording nutrient estimates compared to dietitian analysis of diet records: randomized controlled trial.
Lifestyle components and primary breast cancer prevention.
Metabolic syndrome from adolescence to early adulthood: effect of infancy-onset dietary counseling of low saturated fat: the Special Turku Coronary Risk Factor Intervention Project (STRIP).
Dairy product consumption and the metabolic syndrome.
Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibition ameliorates Western diet-induced hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance through hepatic lipid remodeling and modulation of hepatic mitochondrial function.
Endostatin Prevents Dietary-Induced Obesity by Inhibiting Adipogenesis and Angiogenesis.
Exogenous hydrogen sulfide mitigates the fatty liver in obese mice through improving lipid metabolism and antioxidant potential.
Hepatic expression of the Sptlc3 subunit of serine palmitoyltransferase is associated with the development of hepatocellular carcinoma in a mouse model of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
Nedd4 haploinsufficient mice display moderate insulin resistance, enhanced lipolysis, and protection against high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Pre-gestational vs gestational exposure to maternal obesity differentially programs the offspring in mice.
PPARγ links maternal malnutrition and abnormal glucose and lipid metabolism in the offspring of mice.
Intestinal and neuronal myenteric adaptations in the small intestine induced by a high-fat diet in mice.
AMPKα is critical for enhancing skeletal muscle fatty acid utilization during in vivo exercise in mice.
Protein kinase STK25 regulates hepatic lipid partitioning and progression of liver steatosis and NASH.
Potent effects of dioscin against obesity in mice.
Obesity-related pulmonary arterial hypertension in rats correlates with increased circulating inflammatory cytokines and lipids and with oxidant damage in the arterial wall but not with hypoxia.
Metabolic syndrome: an ill wind that blows some good?
Blueberries improve glucose tolerance without altering body composition in obese postmenopausal mice.
[Effect of total glucosides of paeony on Wnt/β-catenin signal transduction pathway expression in kidney of diabetic rats].
Effect of a high-fat diet on the hepatic expression of nuclear receptors and their target genes: relevance to drug disposition.
Biological activities of salvianolic acid B from Salvia miltiorrhiza on type 2 diabetes induced by high-fat diet and streptozotocin.
Mice fed fish oil diet and upregulation of brown adipose tissue thermogenic markers.
The brighter (and evolutionarily older) face of the metabolic syndrome: evidence from Trypanosoma cruzi infection in CD-1 mice.
Anti-inflammatory and antiatherogenic effects of the NLRP3 inflammasome inhibitor arglabin in ApoE2.Ki mice fed a high-fat diet.
Transcription factor TIP27 regulates glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity in a PI3-kinase/Akt-dependent manner in mice.
Activation of aryl hydrocarbon receptor dissociates fatty liver from insulin resistance by inducing fibroblast growth factor 21.
How dieting makes the lean fatter: from a perspective of body composition autoregulation through adipostats and proteinstats awaiting discovery.
Carnitine-acylcarnitine translocase deficiency: experience with four cases in Spain and review of the literature.
Perinatal high-fat diet increases hippocampal vulnerability to the adverse effects of subsequent high-fat feeding.
Quercetin protects against obesity-induced skeletal muscle inflammation and atrophy.
Nutritional aspects of gluten-free products.
Characterizing Stressors and Modifiable Health Risk Factors Among Homeless Smokers: An Exploratory Pilot Study.
Reduction of mouse atherosclerosis by urokinase inhibition or with a limited-spectrum matrix metalloproteinase inhibitor.
Resistant starch alters colonic contractility and expression of related genes in rats fed a Western diet.
Proteomic analysis of the palmitate-induced myotube secretome reveals involvement of the annexin A1-formyl peptide receptor 2 (FPR2) pathway in insulin resistance.
Nutritional adequacy according to carbohydrates and fat quality.
Reply to Constantin-Teodosiu et al.: mice with genetic PDH activation are not protected from high-fat diet-induced muscle insulin resistance.
Identification of eQTLs for hepatic Xbp1s and Socs3 gene expression in mice fed a high-fat, high-caloric diet.
[Fifth Jesús Culebras Lecture; Tree nuts: effects on health, obesity and metabolic syndrome].
Clinical effects of a hypercaloric and hyperproteic oral suplemment enhanced with W3 fatty acids and dietary fiber in postsurgical ambulatory head and neck cancer patients.
Irbesartan ameliorates diabetic cardiomyopathy by regulating protein kinase D and ER stress activation in a type 2 diabetes rat model.
Genetic manipulation of cardiac Hsp72 levels does not alter substrate metabolism but reveals insights into high-fat feeding-induced cardiac insulin resistance.
[Protein-losing enteropathy].
Plasma lipidomics reveal profound perturbation of glycerophospholipids, fatty acids, and sphingolipids in diet-induced hyperlipidemia.
Isothiocyanate-rich Moringa oleifera extract reduces weight gain, insulin resistance, and hepatic gluconeogenesis in mice.
Evaluation of hypoglycemic effects of polyphenols and extracts from Penthorum chinense.
[Medical nutritional concepts for obesity].
Regulation of nutrition-associated receptors in blood monocytes of normal weight and obese humans.
Preliminary Examination of Olanzapine and Diet Interactions On Metabolism in a Female Macaque.
Oxidative stress promotes pathologic polyploidization in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Wholegrain barley β-glucan fermentation does not improve glucose tolerance in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Cognitive function is impaired by obesity and alleviated by lorcaserin treatment in mice.
Niacin-induced hyperglycemia is partially mediated via niacin receptor GPR109a in pancreatic islets.
Effects of a spoilage yeast from silage on in vitro ruminal fermentation.
Berberine ameliorates nonalcoholic fatty liver disease by a global modulation of hepatic mRNA and lncRNA expression profiles.
Implications of diet modification on sympathoinhibitory mechanisms and hypertension in obesity.
Xanthine oxidase in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and hyperuricemia: One stone hits two birds.
Tissue factor pathways linking obesity and inflammation.
Pharmacological attenuation of chronic alcoholic pancreatitis induced hypersensitivity in rats.
Recent trends in prevention of oral cancer.
Lipid abnormalities in alpha/beta2-syntrophin null mice are independent from ABCA1.
Ameliorative effect of eprosartan on high-fat diet/streptozotocin-induced early diabetic nephropathy in rats.
A high-fat diet delays age-related hearing loss progression in C57BL/6J mice.
Central inhibition of IKKβ/NF-κB signaling attenuates high-fat diet-induced obesity and glucose intolerance.
Monounsaturated fatty acid-enriched high-fat diets impede adipose NLRP3 inflammasome-mediated IL-1β secretion and insulin resistance despite obesity.
Ostα-/- mice are not protected from western diet-induced weight gain.
Human metabolic, mineral, and microbiota fluctuations across daily nutritional intake visualized by a data-driven approach.
Adipose tissue remodeling in a novel domestic porcine model of diet-induced obesity.
Effects of inclusion of licorice (Glycyrrhiza glabra L.) leaves, a tannin-containing plant, in a low-protein diet on feedlot performance and carcass characteristics of fat-tailed lambs.
High-fat diet-induced β-cell proliferation occurs prior to insulin resistance in C57Bl/6J male mice.
Myeloid cell TRAF3 promotes metabolic inflammation, insulin resistance, and hepatic steatosis in obesity.
Fatty acid-binding protein 5 regulates diet-induced obesity via GIP secretion from enteroendocrine K cells in response to fat ingestion.
Neonatal overfeeding attenuates acute central pro-inflammatory effects of short-term high fat diet.
Effects of pectin lyase-modified red ginseng extracts in high-fat diet-fed obese mice.
The role of diet in the management of non-ulcer dyspepsia.
Chitinase 3-like-1 regulates both visceral fat accumulation and asthma-like Th2 inflammation.
Probiotic supplementation prevents high-fat, overfeeding-induced insulin resistance in human subjects.
Dietary patterns associated with HbA1c and LDL cholesterol among individuals with type 1 diabetes in China.
Green tea changes serum and liver metabolomic profiles in mice with high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Novel insights into the mechanisms whereby isoflavones protect against fatty liver disease.
Fiber digestibility in royal antelope (Neotragus pygmaeus).
[Effect of Shugan Jianpi Recipe on LXRα/FAS signaling pathway mediated hepatocyte fatty deposits in NAFLD rats].
Lycopene-rich tomato oleoresin modulates plasma adiponectin concentration and mRNA levels of adiponectin, SIRT1, and FoxO1 in adipose tissue of obese rats.
Zebrafish as a model for apolipoprotein biology: comprehensive expression analysis and a role for ApoA-IV in regulating food intake.
Diet is critical for prolonged glycemic control after short-term insulin treatment in high-fat diet-induced type 2 diabetic male mice.
Effect of high-fat diet on hepatic proteomics of hamsters.
Pioglitazone lowers serum retinol binding protein 4 by suppressing its expression in adipose tissue of obese rats.
Moderate alcohol consumption stimulates food intake and food reward of savoury foods.
Mediators and Moderators of the Effectiveness of a Community Health Worker Intervention That Improved Dietary Outcomes in Pregnant Latino Women.
Dietary strawberry seed oil affects metabolite formation in the distal intestine and ameliorates lipid metabolism in rats fed an obesogenic diet.
A hypothetical role for vitamin K2 in the endocrine and exocrine aspects of dental caries.
C-reactive protein response to a vegan lifestyle intervention.
Muscle-selective knockout of AMPKα2 does not exacerbate diet-induced obesity probably related to altered myokines expression.
Exercise training promotes cardioprotection through oxygen-sparing action in high fat-fed mice.
Bardoxolone methyl prevents fat deposition and inflammation in the visceral fat of mice fed a high-fat diet.
Proteomic characterization of intermediate and advanced glycation end-products in commercial milk samples.
Reduced nuclear protein 1 expression improves insulin sensitivity and protects against diet-induced glucose intolerance through up-regulation of heat shock protein 70.
Calcium sources and their interaction with the different levels of non-phytate phosphorus affect performance and bone mineralization in broiler chickens.
Involvement of the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex in high-fat food conditioning in adolescent mice.
Peripheral adipose tissue insulin resistance alters lipid composition and function of hippocampal synapses.
Is there any relationship between food habits in the last two decades and gastric cancer in North-Western Iran?
Variability in eating frequency in relation to adiposity measures and blood lipid profiles in British children and adolescents: findings from the National Diet and Nutrition Survey.
Resveratrol restores the circadian rhythmic disorder of lipid metabolism induced by high-fat diet in mice.
Loss of PTEN promotes podocyte cytoskeletal rearrangement, aggravating diabetic nephropathy.
Omega-3 fatty acids protect from diet-induced obesity, glucose intolerance, and adipose tissue inflammation through PPARγ-dependent and PPARγ-independent actions.
Impact of a high-fat meal on assessment of clopidogrel-induced platelet inhibition in healthy subjects.
[Dietary patterns and physical activity in the mexican population: association with fatty liver].
Neural responses to macronutrients: hedonic and homeostatic mechanisms.
FTO gene variation, macronutrient intake and coronary heart disease risk: a gene-diet interaction analysis.
Wheat alkylresorcinols suppress high-fat, high-sucrose diet-induced obesity and glucose intolerance by increasing insulin sensitivity and cholesterol excretion in male mice.
Lycopene and apo-10'-lycopenoic acid have differential mechanisms of protection against hepatic steatosis in β-carotene-9',10'-oxygenase knockout male mice.
Dietary intake of saturated fat is not associated with risk of coronary events or mortality in patients with established coronary artery disease.
Interleukin-32β ameliorates metabolic disorder and liver damage in mice fed high-fat diet.
Cardiovascular, metabolic, and coronary dysfunction in high-fat-fed obesity-resistant/prone rats.
PPARδ activation induces hepatic long-chain acyl-CoA synthetase 4 expression in vivo and in vitro.
A high whey protein-, leucine-, and vitamin D-enriched supplement preserves muscle mass during intentional weight loss in obese older adults: a double-blind randomized controlled trial.
Metabolic changes induced by the biliopancreatic diversion in diet-induced obesity in male rats: the contributions of sleeve gastrectomy and duodenal switch.
Livers with constitutive mTORC1 activity resist steatosis independent of feedback suppression of Akt.
Effects of ferulic acid and γ-oryzanol on high-fat and high-fructose diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rats.
Hepatic STAMP2 alleviates high fat diet-induced hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance.
High fat diet subverts hepatocellular iron uptake determining dysmetabolic iron overload.
Effects of chronic high-fat feeding on skeletal muscle mass and function in middle-aged mice.
Leucine-rich glioma inactivated 3 and tumor necrosis factor-α regulate mutually through NF-κB.
Seaweed supplements normalise metabolic, cardiovascular and liver responses in high-carbohydrate, high-fat fed rats.
A low-fat high-carbohydrate diet reduces plasma total adiponectin concentrations compared to a moderate-fat diet with no impact on biomarkers of systemic inflammation in a randomized controlled feeding study.
Effects of whole-plant corn silage hybrid type on intake, digestion, ruminal fermentation, and lactation performance by dairy cows through a meta-analysis.
Loss of Ron receptor signaling leads to reduced obesity, diabetic phenotypes and hepatic steatosis in response to high-fat diet in mice.
Altered metabolism and resistance to obesity in long-lived mice producing reduced levels of IGF-I.
Modulation of lipid homeostasis in response to continuous or intermittent high-fat diet in pigs.
Impaired macrophage autophagy increases the immune response in obese mice by promoting proinflammatory macrophage polarization.
High postprandial triglycerides serum levels: is obesity a good predictor?
Genetic architecture of insulin resistance in the mouse.
Dietary supplementation of organic selenium could improve performance, antibody response, and yolk oxidative stability in laying hens fed on diets containing oxidized fat.
Dietary patterns interact with APOA1/APOC3 polymorphisms to alter the risk of the metabolic syndrome: the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study.

[Association of intestinal epithelial tight junctions, E.coli, intestinal mucosa Toll-like receptor-4 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha in rabbit with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease].
[Impact of JNK inhibitor XG-102 in a diet-induced rat model of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis].
Total aralosides of aralia elata (Miq) seem (TASAES) ameliorate nonalcoholic steatohepatitis by modulating IRE1α-mediated JNK and NF-κB pathways in ApoE-/- mice.
LRP5 deficiency down-regulates Wnt signalling and promotes aortic lipid infiltration in hypercholesterolaemic mice.
Nutritional status of patients with ataxia-telangiectasia: A case for early and ongoing nutrition support and intervention.
An ecological perspective on diabetes self-care support, self-management behaviors, and hemoglobin A1C among Latinos.
MicroRNA-214 suppresses gluconeogenesis by targeting activating transcriptional factor 4.
Role of group II metabotropic glutamate receptors (mGluR2/3) blockade on long-term potentiation in the dentate gyrus region of hippocampus in rats fed with high-fat diet.
Increased energy intake and a shift towards high-fat, non-staple high-carbohydrate foods amongst China's older adults, 1991-2009.
3,5-Diiodo-L-thyronine activates brown adipose tissue thermogenesis in hypothyroid rats.
Temporal relationship between diet-induced steatosis and onset of insulin/leptin resistance in male Wistar rats.
Obesity increases airway hyperresponsiveness via the TNF-α pathway and treating obesity induces recovery.
Dietary enrichment with fish oil prevents high fat-induced metabolic dysfunction in skeletal muscle in mice.
Induction of peroxisomes by butyrate-producing probiotics.
LXR agonist T0901317-Induced hyperlipidemia does not lead to lipid accumulation in the rat heart.
Using diet-induced obesity to understand a metabolic subtype of osteoarthritis in rats.
The effects of sarcolipin over-expression in mouse skeletal muscle on metabolic activity.
Diminished immune response to vaccinations in obesity: role of myeloid-derived suppressor and other myeloid cells.
Antihyperglycemic activity of Anoectochilus roxburghii polysaccharose in diabetic mice induced by high-fat diet and streptozotocin.
Gastric bypass in rats does not decrease appetitive behavior towards sweet or fatty fluids despite blunting preferential intake of sugar and fat.
Carotenoids: potential allies of cardiovascular health?
Interleukin-6 gene transfer reverses body weight gain and fatty liver in obese mice.
Amelioration of oxidative stress and insulin resistance by soy isoflavones (from Glycine max) in ovariectomized Wistar rats fed with high fat diet: the molecular mechanisms.
Peripheral blood mononuclear cells as a source to detect markers of homeostatic alterations caused by the intake of diets with an unbalanced macronutrient composition.
Effects of replacing extracted soybean meal with rapeseed cake in corn grass silage-based diet for dairy cows.
Elevated dairy fat intake in lactating women alters milk lipid and fatty acids without detectible changes in expression of genes related to lipid uptake or synthesis.
Beneficial effects of neomangiferin on high fat diet-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in rats.
Hepatic acetyl CoA links adipose tissue inflammation to hepatic insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes.
The impact of price reductions on individuals' choice of healthy meals away from home.
A High Fat Diet Increases Bone Marrow Adipose Tissue (MAT) But Does Not Alter Trabecular or Cortical Bone Mass in C57BL/6J Mice.
Lutein prevents high fat diet-induced atherosclerosis in ApoE-deficient mice by inhibiting NADPH oxidase and increasing PPAR expression.
Dairy product consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes in an elderly Spanish Mediterranean population at high cardiovascular risk.
Formula food-reducing diets:A new evidence-based addition to the weight management tool box.
Complementary Cholesterol-Lowering Response of a Phytosterol/α-Lipoic Acid Combination in Obese Zucker Rats.
Opposing relationships of BMI with BOLD and dopamine D2/3 receptor binding potential in the dorsal striatum.
Association of G1359A polymorphism of the cannabinoid receptor gene (CNR1) with macronutrient intakes in obese females.
Correction to Supplementation of a high-fat diet with chlorogenic acid is associated with insulin resistance and hepatic lipid accumulation in mice.
[Construction of yeast strains expressing long-acting glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) and their therapeutic effects on type 2 diabetes mellitus mouse model].
Physiological and nutritional profile of elite female beach handball players from Brazil.
High-intensity interval training (swimming) significantly improves the adverse metabolism and comorbidities in diet-induced obese mice.
A single infection with Chlamydia pneumoniae is sufficient to exacerbate atherosclerosis in ApoE deficient mice.
Mitochondria: The ketogenic diet--A metabolism-based therapy.
Defective NOD2 peptidoglycan sensing promotes diet-induced inflammation, dysbiosis, and insulin resistance.
Systemic administration of ghrelin did not restore angiogenesis in hindlimb ischemia in control and diet-induced obese mice.
Conditional deletion of Hdac3 in osteoprogenitor cells attenuates diet-induced systemic metabolic dysfunction.
Anti-inflammatory and Antioxidative Activities of Safranal in the Reduction of Renal Dysfunction and Damage that Occur in Diabetic Nephropathy.
Diet, exercise, and endothelial function in obese adolescents.
Trypanosoma cruzi infection is a potent risk factor for non-alcoholic steatohepatitis enhancing local and systemic inflammation associated with strong oxidative stress and metabolic disorders.
Wheel running reduces high-fat diet intake, preference and mu-opioid agonist stimulated intake.
Role of thyroid hormone homeostasis in obesity-prone and obesity-resistant mice fed a high-fat diet.
Regulation of P21 during diabetes-associated stress of the endoplasmic reticulum.
JCL roundtable: fast food and the American diet.
Corn oil improves the plasma lipoprotein lipid profile compared with extra-virgin olive oil consumption in men and women with elevated cholesterol: results from a randomized controlled feeding trial.
Interrelationship between lymphocytes and leptin in fat depots of obese mice revealed by changes in nutritional status.
Selective down-regulation of KV2.1 function contributes to enhanced arterial tone during diabetes.
The effects of black garlic (Allium satvium) extracts on lipid metabolism in rats fed a high fat diet.
Effect of aerobic exercise training on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease induced by a high fat diet in C57BL/6 mice.
The status of research into resistance to diet-induced obesity.
Granulocyte-colony stimulating factor prevents the development of hepatic steatosis in rats.
AMPK binds to Sestrins and mediates the effect of exercise to increase insulin-sensitivity through autophagy.
High-fat diet combined with low-dose streptozotocin injections induces metabolic syndrome in Macaca mulatta.
Cardiotrophin-1 (CT-1) improves high fat diet-induced cognitive deficits in mice.
Analysis of variants and mutations in the human winged helix FOXA3 gene and associations with metabolic traits.
Involvement of CaSR in hyperglycemia-induced macroangiopathy and related mechanism.
High-fat diet causes bone loss in young mice by promoting osteoclastogenesis through alteration of the bone marrow environment.
Rapid and body weight-independent improvement of endothelial and high-density lipoprotein function after Roux-en-Y gastric bypass: role of glucagon-like peptide-1.
Antagonism of corticotrophin-releasing factor type 1 receptors attenuates caloric intake of free feeding subordinate female rhesus monkeys in a rich dietary environment.
Antiobesity effects of bamboo salt in C57BL/6 mice.
Multiple roles of fibroblast growth factor 21 in metabolism.
Consumption of a high-fat soup preload leads to differences in short-term energy and fat intake between PROP non-taster and super-taster women.
Interaction between the polymorphisms of cyclooxygenase-2-1195G/A,MnSOD9Ala/val genes and the high-fat diets and its correlation with ulcerative colitis.
Four types of fatty acids exert differential impact on pancreatic cancer growth.
Diet-induced obesity causes metabolic impairment independent of alterations in gut barrier integrity.
Resveratrol increases CD68⁺ Kupffer cells colocalized with adipose differentiation-related protein and ameliorates high-fat-diet-induced fatty liver in mice.
Expression of human tissue factor pathway inhibitor on vascular smooth muscle cells inhibits secretion of macrophage migration inhibitory factor and attenuates atherosclerosis in ApoE-/- mice.
Design and discovery of 2-oxochromene derivatives as liver X receptor β-selective agonists.
Comparing different policy scenarios to reduce the consumption of ultra-processed foods in UK: impact on cardiovascular disease mortality using a modelling approach.
F3MB(PANDER) decreases mice hepatic triglyceride and is associated with decreased DGAT1 expression.
Selective cathepsin S inhibition attenuates atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice with chronic renal disease.
Food components and irritable bowel syndrome.
Phosphatidylserine liposomes mimic apoptotic cells to attenuate atherosclerosis by expanding polyreactive IgM producing B1a lymphocytes.
Reduced carotid baroreceptor distensibility-induced baroreflex resetting contributes to impairment of sodium regulation in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Effects of dietary macronutrient composition on exogenous neuropeptide Y's stimulation of food intake in chicks.
Dioscorea batatas extract attenuates high-fat diet-induced obesity in mice by decreasing expression of inflammatory cytokines.
Dectin-1 deficiency does not affect atherosclerosis development in mice.
Inhibition of MMP-13 prevents diet-induced obesity in mice and suppresses adipogenesis in 3T3-L1 preadipocytes.
High fat programming of beta cell compensation, exhaustion, death and dysfunction.
Fifty years of the asebia mouse: origins, insights and contemporary developments.
Hypolipidaemic effects of oat flakes and β-glucans derived from four Chinese naked oat (Avena nuda) cultivars in Wistar-Lewis rats.
Obesity and metabolomics: metallothioneins protect against high-fat diet-induced consequences in metallothionein knockout mice.
Plant-based, no-added-fat or American Heart Association diets: impact on cardiovascular risk in obese children with hypercholesterolemia and their parents.
Dietary aloe vera gel powder and extract inhibit azoxymethane- induced colorectal aberrant crypt foci in mice fed a high- fat diet.
Fermented Rhizoma Atractylodis Macrocephalae alleviates high fat diet-induced obesity in association with regulation of intestinal permeability and microbiota in rats.
Moderate exercise training attenuates the severity of experimental rodent colitis: the importance of crosstalk between adipose tissue and skeletal muscles.
Neonatal overnutrition causes early alterations in the central response to peripheral ghrelin.
Maternal high-fat diet and obesity compromise fetal hematopoiesis.
High fat diet-induced modifications in membrane lipid and mitochondrial-membrane protein signatures precede the development of hepatic insulin resistance in mice.
Evidence for a novel functional role of astrocytes in the acute homeostatic response to high-fat diet intake in mice.
Blockade of VEGF-C and VEGF-D modulates adipose tissue inflammation and improves metabolic parameters under high-fat diet.
A gut-brain neural circuit controlled by intestinal gluconeogenesis is crucial in metabolic health.
SIRT1 enhances glucose tolerance by potentiating brown adipose tissue function.
Fish oil ameliorates trimethylamine N-oxide-exacerbated glucose intolerance in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Compensatory hyperinsulinemia in high-fat diet-induced obese mice is associated with enhanced insulin translation in islets.
Resveratrol improves high-fat diet induced insulin resistance by rebalancing subsarcolemmal mitochondrial oxidation and antioxidantion.
Evidence of nutrition transition in Southern Africa.
Increasing fat content from 20 to 45 wt% in a complex diet induces lower endotoxemia in parallel with an increased number of intestinal goblet cells in mice.
Role of Astrocytes in Leptin Signaling.
The treatment combination of vitamins E and C and astaxanthin prevents high-fat diet induced memory deficits in rats.
Properties of bologna-type sausages with pork back-fat replaced with pork skin and amorphous cellulose.
Functional GIP receptors play a major role in islet compensatory response to high fat feeding in mice.
Differential effects of glucagon-like peptide-1 on microvascular recruitment and glucose metabolism in short- and long-term insulin resistance.
Maternal antibiotic-induced early changes in microbial colonization selectively modulate colonic permeability and inducible heat shock proteins, and digesta concentrations of alkaline phosphatase and TLR-stimulants in swine offspring.
The effects of high fat diet and moderate exercise on TGFβ1 and collagen deposition in mouse skeletal muscle.
Urine and serum metabolite profiling of rats fed a high-fat diet and the anti-obesity effects of caffeine consumption.
Weight loss with a modified Mediterranean-type diet using fat modification: a randomized controlled trial.
Breast milk macronutrient composition after bariatric surgery.
Effect of dietary energy and protein content on growth and carcass traits of Pekin ducks.
The immunity-diet-microbiota axis in the development of metabolic syndrome.
Probiotics (Lactobacillus rhamnosus R0011 and acidophilus R0052) reduce the expression of toll-like receptor 4 in mice with alcoholic liver disease.
Sesamol reduces the atherogenicity of electronegative L5 LDL in vivo and in vitro.
Effect of 3,4-dihydroxyacetophenone on endothelial dysfunction in obese rats.
Ergostatrien-3β-ol from Antrodia camphorata inhibits diabetes and hyperlipidemia in high-fat-diet treated mice via regulation of hepatic related genes, glucose transporter 4, and AMP-activated protein kinase phosphorylation.
Dietary uptake of omega-3 fatty acids in mouse tissue studied by time-of-flight secondary ion mass spectrometry (TOF-SIMS).
Argan oil reduces, in rats, the high fat diet-induced metabolic effects of obesity.
Inhibition of AMP Kinase by the Protein Phosphatase 2A Heterotrimer, PP2APpp2r2d.
Nutrition facts in multiple sclerosis.
Novel trends in development of dietary fiber rich meat products-a critical review.
A maternal high fat diet programmes endothelial function and cardiovascular status in adult male offspring independent of body weight, which is reversed by maternal conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) supplementation.
Low-carbohydrate diet and type 2 diabetes risk in Japanese men and women: the Japan Public Health Center-Based Prospective Study.
Short-Chain Fatty Acids Protect Against High-Fat Diet-Induced Obesity via a PPARγ-Dependent Switch From Lipogenesis to Fat Oxidation.
Histopathological alterations in the prostates of Mongolian gerbils exposed to a high-fat diet and di-n-butyl phthalate individually or in combination.
Amino acid composition of human uterine fluid: association with age, lifestyle and gynaecological pathology.
Overexpression of the adiponectin gene mimics the metabolic and stress resistance effects of calorie restriction, but not the anti-tumor effect.
Dietary intake alters behavioral recovery and gene expression profiles in the brain of juvenile rats that have experienced a concussion.
Evidence from studies in rodents and in isolated adipocytes that agonists of the chemerin receptor CMKLR1 may be beneficial in the treatment of type 2 diabetes.
Enhanced preference for high-fat foods following a simulated night shift.
Preservation of high-fat diet-induced femoral trabecular bone loss through genetic target of TNF-α.
Cyanidin and malvidin in aqueous extracts of black carrots fermented with Aspergillus oryzae prevent the impairment of energy, lipid and glucose metabolism in estrogen-deficient rats by AMPK activation.
Diabetes mellitus affects activity of calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II alpha in rat trigeminal ganglia.
Effect of an advanced glycation end product-restricted diet and exercise on metabolic parameters in adult overweight men.
Severe protein malnutrition in a morbidly obese patient after bariatric surgery.
Interactions Between Nuclear Receptor SHP and FOXA1 Maintain Oscillatory Homocysteine Homeostasis in Mice.
Protective effects of aerobic swimming training on high-fat diet induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: regulation of lipid metabolism via PANDER-AKT pathway.
CTRP9 enhances carotid plaque stability by reducing pro-inflammatory cytokines in macrophages.
Voluntary exercise prevents colonic inflammation in high-fat diet-induced obese mice by up-regulating PPAR-γ activity.
Phosphodiesterase-3B-cAMP pathway of leptin signalling in the hypothalamus is impaired during the development of diet-induced obesity in FVB/N mice.
The regulation of oxytocin receptor gene expression during adipogenesis.
Cytochrome P450 1B1: An unexpected modulator of liver fatty acid homeostasis.
Changing views on diverticular disease: impact of aging, obesity, diet, and microbiota.
Significance of nitric oxide synthases: Lessons from triple nitric oxide synthases null mice.
Mechanism of action of hypoglycemic effects of an intestine-specific inhibitor of microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (MTP) in obese rats.
Ezetimibe stimulates intestinal glucagon-like peptide 1 secretion via the MEK/ERK pathway rather than dipeptidyl peptidase 4 inhibition.
Effects of partial replacement of dietary starch from barley or corn with lactose on ruminal function, short-chain fatty acid absorption, nitrogen utilization, and production performance of dairy cows.
Effects of berberine on amelioration of hyperglycemia and oxidative stress in high glucose and high fat diet-induced diabetic hamsters in vivo.
The biochemical changes in hippocampal formation occurring in normal and seizure experiencing rats as a result of a ketogenic diet.
Effects of a brief high-fat diet and acute exercise on the mTORC1 and IKK/NF-κB pathways in rat skeletal muscle.
LTB4 promotes insulin resistance in obese mice by acting on macrophages, hepatocytes and myocytes.
Response of peripheral rhythms to the timing of food intake.
Toward a cancer-specific diet.
The influence of grass silage-to-maize silage ratio and concentrate composition on methane emissions, performance and milk composition of dairy cows.
Protective effect of boswellic acids versus pioglitazone in a rat model of diet-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: influence on insulin resistance and energy expenditure.
The Resin from Protium heptaphyllum Prevents High-Fat Diet-Induced Obesity in Mice: Scientific Evidence and Potential Mechanisms.
A Cistanches Herba Fraction/ β -Sitosterol Causes a Redox-Sensitive Induction of Mitochondrial Uncoupling and Activation of Adenosine Monophosphate-Dependent Protein Kinase/Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor γ Coactivator-1 in C2C12 Myotubes: A Possible Mechanism Underlying the Weight Reduction Effect.
Correction to 'integrative analysis of transcriptomics, proteomics, and metabolomics data of white adipose and liver tissue of high-fat diet and rosiglitazone-treated insulin-resistant mice identified pathway alterations and molecular hubs'.
Antihyperglycemic activities of extracts of the mistletoes Plicosepalus acaciae and P. curviflorus in comparison to their solid lipid nanoparticle suspension formulations.
AMP-regulated protein kinase activity in the hearts of mice treated with low- or high-fat diet measured using novel LC-MS method.
Effect of zinc on the content of chemical elements in the lung tissue during obesity in the experiment.
Metabolic consequences of chronic intermittent mild stress exposure.
Adapting to alcohol: Dwarf hamster (Phodopus campbelli) ethanol consumption, sensitivity, and hoard fermentation.
Tlr4 upregulation in the brain accompanies depression- and anxiety-like behaviors induced by a high-cholesterol diet.
Andrographolide derivative AL-1 improves insulin resistance through down-regulation of NF-κB signalling pathway.
A fermented sorghum/millet-based beverage, Obiolor, extenuates high-fat diet-induced dyslipidaemia and redox imbalance in the livers of rats.
Alteration of gut microbiota by vancomycin and bacitracin improves insulin resistance via glucagon-like peptide 1 in diet-induced obesity.
Sarcolipin Is a Key Determinant of the Basal Metabolic Rate, and Its Overexpression Enhances Energy Expenditure and Resistance against Diet-induced Obesity.
Gene expression in salivary glands: effects of diet and mouse chromosome 17 locus regulating macronutrient intake.
Probucol Protects Against Atherosclerosis Through Lipid-lowering and Suppressing Immune Maturation of CD11c+ Dendritic Cells in STZ-induced Diabetic LDLR-/- Mice.
Analysis of the liver lipidome reveals insights into the protective effect of exercise on high-fat diet-induced hepatosteatosis in mice.
Sorafenib prevents liver fibrosis in a non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) rodent model.
Prolactin anterior pituitary expression and circulating levels are reduced in obese and diabetic rats: role of TGF-β and TNF-α.
Medium-Chain Triglyceride Activated Brown Adipose Tissue and Induced Reduction of Fat Mass in C57BL/6J Mice Fed High-fat Diet.
Excess intake of fat and sugar potentiates epinephrine-induced hyperglycemia in male rats.
Early-life exposure to high-fat diet may predispose rats to gender-specific hepatic fat accumulation by programming Pepck expression.
Inflammatory response in visceral fat tissue and liver is prenatally programmed: experimental research.
Thymoquinone ameliorates NLRP3-mediated inflammation in the pancreas of albino Wistar rats fed ethanol and high-fat diet.
Melatonin counteracts changes in hypothalamic gene expression of signals regulating feeding behavior in high-fat fed rats.
Chronic activation of FXR in transgenic mice caused perinatal toxicity and sensitized mice to cholesterol toxicity.
Cellular Stress, Excessive Apoptosis, and the Effect of Metformin in a Mouse Model of Type 2 Diabetic Embryopathy.
Selective insulin resistance in adipocytes.
Dietary inflammatory index and anthropometric measures of obesity in a population sample at high cardiovascular risk from the PREDIMED (PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea) trial.
An intervention study of individual, apoE genotype-based dietary and physical-activity advice: impact on health behavior.
Chronic high fat feeding increases anxiety-like behaviour and reduces transcript abundance of glucocorticoid signalling genes in the hippocampus of female rats.
Prolonged high fat diet ingestion, obesity, and type 2 diabetes symptoms correlate with phenotypic plasticity in myenteric neurons and nerve damage in the mouse duodenum.
Lifestyle effects on hematopoiesis and atherosclerosis.
Proinflammatory cytokines in prostate cancer development and progression promoted by high-fat diet.
Inducible models of bone loss.
Palmitic acid induces central leptin resistance and impairs hepatic glucose and lipid metabolism in male mice.
Effects of Supplemental Acerola Juice on the Mineral Concentrations in Liver and Kidney Tissue Samples of Mice Fed with Cafeteria Diet.
Nutrition-dependent changes of mouse adipose tissue compositions monitored by NMR, MS, and chromatographic methods.
Exercise and dietary advice intervention for survivors of triple-negative breast cancer: effects on body fat, physical function, quality of life, and adipokine profile.
Soluble epoxide hydrolase inhibition improves coronary endothelial function and prevents the development of cardiac alterations in obese insulin-resistant mice.
Effects of sleeve gastrectomy and gastric banding on the hypothalamic feeding center in an obese rat model.
Paternal obesity in a rodent model affects placental gene expression in a sex-specific manner.
Effect and mechanisms of zinc supplementation in protecting against diabetic cardiomyopathy in a rat model of type 2 diabetes.
Loneliness predicts postprandial ghrelin and hunger in women.
Effects of slow-release urea and rumen-protected methionine and histidine on performance of dairy cows.
Saturated fat supplementation interacts with dietary forage neutral detergent fiber content during the immediate postpartum period in Holstein cows: Energy balance and metabolism.
Saturated fat supplementation interacts with dietary forage neutral detergent fiber content during the immediate postpartum and carryover periods in Holstein cows: Production responses and digestibility of nutrients.
Expedited Biliopancreatic Juice Flow to the Distal Gut Benefits the Diabetes Control After Duodenal-Jejunal Bypass.
Transgenic ω-3 PUFA enrichment alters morphology and gene expression profile in adipose tissue of obese mice: Potential role for protectins.
Effect of increased adiposity on insulin sensitivity and adipokine concentrations in horses and ponies fed a high fat diet, with or without a once daily high glycaemic meal.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress induces up-regulation of hepatic β-Klotho expression through ATF4 signaling pathway.
Cardiolipin linoleic acid content and mitochondrial cytochrome c oxidase activity are associated in rat skeletal muscle.
Metabolomics investigation to shed light on cheese as a possible piece in the French paradox puzzle.
Dietary fibre linked to decreased inflammation in overweight minority youth.
H2O2 release from the very long chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase.
Compensatory Enlargement of Ossabaw Miniature Swine Coronary Arteries in Diffuse Atherosclerosis.
No Trade-Offs between Lipid Stores and Structural Growth in Juvenile Zebra Finches Undergoing Nutritional Stress during Development.
Rapid depot-specific activation of adipocyte precursor cells at the onset of obesity.
Male obesity is associated with changed spermatozoa Cox4i1 mRNA level and altered seminal vesicle fluid composition in a mouse model.
Adenylyl Cyclase Type 5 Deficiency Protects Against Diet-Induced Obesity and Insulin Resistance.
Chylomicronaemia--current diagnosis and future therapies.
Efficacy and safety of beloranib for weight loss in obese adults: a randomized controlled trial.
Effect of various diets on the expression of phase-I drug-metabolizing enzymes in livers of mice.
Fasting-induced G0/G1 switch gene 2 and FGF21 expression in the liver are under regulation of adipose tissue derived fatty acids.
Nutrient patterns and their relation to general and abdominal obesity in Iranian adults: findings from the SEPAHAN study.
[Impact of maternal overnutrition on the periconceptional period].
Eicosapentaenoic acid reduces adipocyte hypertrophy and inflammation in diet-induced obese mice in an adiposity-independent manner.
Sugar-sweetened product consumption alters glucose homeostasis compared with dairy product consumption in men and women at risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A healthy diet is associated with less endothelial dysfunction and less low-grade inflammation over a 7-year period in adults at risk of cardiovascular disease.
Dietary variety is inversely associated with body adiposity among US adults using a novel food diversity index.
Higher-protein diets are associated with higher HDL cholesterol and lower BMI and waist circumference in US adults.
Maternal alcohol intake around the time of conception causes glucose intolerance and insulin insensitivity in rat offspring, which is exacerbated by a postnatal high-fat diet.
Effect of protein overfeeding on energy expenditure measured in a metabolic chamber.
Lipid-overloaded enlarged adipocytes provoke insulin resistance independent of inflammation.
Effects of combined dietary supplementation with fenofibrate and Schisandrae Fructus pulp on lipid and glucose levels and liver function in normal and hypercholesterolemic mice.
Macronutrient balance, reproductive function, and lifespan in aging mice.
11β-HSD1 modulates LPS-induced innate immune responses in adipocytes by altering expression of PTEN.
Effects of Adipocyte Aryl Hydrocarbon Receptor Deficiency on PCB-Induced Disruption of Glucose Homeostasis in Lean and Obese Mice.
Rosmarinic acid modulates the antioxidant status and protects pancreatic tissues from glucolipotoxicity mediated oxidative stress in high-fat diet: streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Transgenerational changes of metabolic phenotypes in two selectively bred mouse colonies for different susceptibilities to diet-induced glucose intolerance.
Sleeve Gastrectomy Reduces Hepatic Steatosis by Improving the Coordinated Regulation of Aquaglyceroporins in Adipose Tissue and Liver in Obese Rats.
A Multidose Study to Examine the Effect of Food on Evacetrapib Exposure at Steady State.
Effect of different levels of rapeseed meal and sunflower meal and enzyme combination on the performance, digesta viscosity and carcass traits of broiler chickens fed wheat-based diets.
Glabridin, an isoflavan from licorice root, downregulates iNOS expression and activity under high-glucose stress and inflammation.
Honokiol activates the LKB1-AMPK signaling pathway and attenuates the lipid accumulation in hepatocytes.
Fat- and fiber-related diet behavior among type 2 diabetes patients from distinct regions.
NPY signalling in early osteoblasts controls glucose homeostasis.
High-calorie diet exacerbates prostate neoplasia in mice with haploinsufficiency of Pten tumor suppressor gene.
Blocking IL-6 trans-signaling prevents high-fat diet-induced adipose tissue macrophage recruitment but does not improve insulin resistance.
The mitochondrial-derived peptide MOTS-c promotes metabolic homeostasis and reduces obesity and insulin resistance.
Thromboxane synthase deficiency improves insulin action and attenuates adipose tissue fibrosis.
Hypoenergetic diet-induced reductions in myofibrillar protein synthesis are restored with resistance training and balanced daily protein ingestion in older men.
Both food restriction and high-fat diet during gestation induce low birth weight and altered physical activity in adult rat offspring: the 'Similarities in the Inequalities' model.
A Targeted Multiple Antigenic Peptide Vaccine Augments the Immune Response to Self TGF-β1 and Suppresses Ongoing Hepatic Fibrosis.
Juvenile obesity enhances emotional memory and amygdala plasticity through glucocorticoids.
Dietary modifications to improve micronutrient status of Indian children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes.
Trying to lose weight among non-overweight university students from 22 low, middle and emerging economy countries.
A stereological analysis of NPY, POMC, Orexin, GFAP astrocyte, and Iba1 microglia cell number and volume in diet-induced obese male mice.
Metformin and salicylate synergistically activate liver AMPK, inhibit lipogenesis and improve insulin sensitivity.
Uroguanylin levels in intestine and plasma are regulated by nutritional status in a leptin-dependent manner.
Effect of zinc supplements in the attenuated cardioprotective effect of ischemic preconditioning in hyperlipidemic rat heart.
Direct infusion MS-based lipid profiling reveals the pharmacological effects of compound K-reinforced ginsenosides in high-fat diet induced obese mice.
High-fat diet decreases energy expenditure and expression of genes controlling lipid metabolism, mitochondrial function and skeletal system development in the adipose tissue, along with increased expression of extracellular matrix remodelling- and inflammation-related genes.
Dietary influence on pain via the immune system.
Nicotine Attenuates Disruption of Blood-Brain Barrier Induced by Saturated-Fat Feeding in Wild-Type Mice.
Sex-specific determinants of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 concentrations in an elderly German cohort: a cross-sectional study.
Treatment with anti-interleukin-6 receptor antibody ameliorates intestinal polyposis in Apc(Min/+) mice under high-fat diet conditions.
CD47 deficiency protects mice from diet-induced obesity and improves whole body glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity.
Changes in intestinal barrier function and gut microbiota in high-fat diet-fed rats are dynamic and region dependent.
The effects of prenatal undernutrition and postnatal high-fat diet on hypothalamic Kiss1 mRNA and serum leptin levels.
Mineralocorticoid receptor blockade prevents Western diet-induced diastolic dysfunction in female mice.
Comparative proteome analysis of brown adipose tissue in obese C57BL/6J mice using iTRAQ-coupled 2D LC-MS/MS.
Singular effects of PPAR agonists on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease of diet-induced obese mice.
Growing evidence for a weighty problem.
Developmental bisphenol A (BPA) exposure leads to sex-specific modification of hepatic gene expression and epigenome at birth that may exacerbate high-fat diet-induced hepatic steatosis.
Caveolin-1 phosphorylation regulates vascular endothelial insulin uptake and is impaired by insulin resistance in rats.
The Health Benefits of Selected Culinary Herbs and Spices Found in the Traditional Mediterranean Diet.
In vivo assessment of cardiac metabolism and function in the abdominal aortic banding model of compensated cardiac hypertrophy.
Accumulation of advanced glycation end-products and activation of the SCAP/SREBP Lipogenetic pathway occur in diet-induced obese mouse skeletal muscle.
[Effects and mechanisms of the inflammatory reaction related to NASH and induced by activation of the cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway].
Profile development of noncommunicable chronic diseases in a Brazilian rural town.
Emerging risk factors as markers for carotid intima media thickness scores.
Tachykinin-1 in the central nervous system regulates adiposity in rodents.
Muscle-specific deletion of comparative gene identification-58 (CGI-58) causes muscle steatosis but improves insulin sensitivity in male mice.
Isolevuglandin-type lipid aldehydes induce the inflammatory response of macrophages by modifying phosphatidylethanolamines and activating the receptor for advanced glycation endproducts.
GGCX and VKORC1 inhibit osteocalcin endocrine functions.
PGC-1/Spargel Counteracts High-Fat-Diet-Induced Obesity and Cardiac Lipotoxicity Downstream of TOR and Brummer ATGL Lipase.
Macronutrient intake and body composition changes during anti-tuberculosis therapy in adults.
Postprandial lipid responses do not differ following consumption of butter or vegetable oil when consumed with omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids.
Reduction of Store-Operated Ca(2+) Entry Correlates with Endothelial Progenitor Cell Dysfunction in Atherosclerotic Mice.
The Western Diet and Chronic Kidney Disease.
Activation of muscular TrkB by its small molecular agonist 7,8-dihydroxyflavone sex-dependently regulates energy metabolism in diet-induced obese mice.
In adipose tissue, increased mitochondrial emission of reactive oxygen species is important for short-term high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance in mice.
Losartan reduces myocardial interstitial fibrosis in diabetic cardiomyopathy rats by inhibiting JAK/STAT signaling pathway.
Supplementation of chitosan alleviates high-fat diet-enhanced lipogenesis in rats via adenosine monophosphate (AMP)-activated protein kinase activation and inhibition of lipogenesis-associated genes.
Dibenzoylmethane exerts metabolic activity through regulation of AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK)-mediated glucose uptake and adipogenesis pathways.
Opposing roles of nitric oxide and rho-kinase in lipid metabolism in mice.
One-year high fat diet affects muscle-but not brain mitochondria.
Oligofructose protects against arsenic-induced liver injury in a model of environment/obesity interaction.
Bacterial cell wall components regulate adipokine secretion from visceral adipocytes.
Characterisation of pain responses in the high fat diet/streptozotocin model of diabetes and the analgesic effects of antidiabetic treatments.
Phaleria macrocarpa Boerl. (Thymelaeaceae) leaves increase SR-BI expression and reduce cholesterol levels in rats fed a high cholesterol diet.
Effects of glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide receptor knockout and a high-fat diet on cognitive function and hippocampal gene expression in mice.
Dietary patterns and endometrial cancer risk in the California Teachers Study cohort.
Resveratrol induces brown-like adipocyte formation in white fat through activation of AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) α1.
Dietary Fat Modifies the Effects of FTO Genotype on Changes in Insulin Sensitivity.
Vitamin E and vitamin C do not reduce insulin sensitivity but inhibit mitochondrial protein expression in exercising obese rats.
A high-fat plus fructose diet produces a vascular prostanoid alterations in the rat.
Reshaping faecal gut microbiota composition by the intake of trans-resveratrol and quercetin in high-fat sucrose diet-fed rats.
Macro- and micronutrients consumption and the risk for colorectal cancer among Jordanians.
Inhibition of Small Maf Function in Pancreatic β-Cells Improves Glucose Tolerance Through the Enhancement of Insulin Gene Transcription and Insulin Secretion.
Palmitic Acid in Early Human Development.
Fermented green tea extract alleviates obesity and related complications and alters gut microbiota composition in diet-induced obese mice.
Adherence to the Western Pattern Is Potentially an Unfavorable Indicator of Asthenozoospermia Risk: A Case-Control Study.
Effect of a low-carbohydrate diet on respiratory quotient of infants with chronic lung disease.
Production of a mouse strain with impaired glucose tolerance by systemic heterozygous knockout of the glucokinase gene and its feasibility as a prediabetes model.
Lipidomic-based investigation into the regulatory effect of Schisandrin B on palmitic acid level in non-alcoholic steatotic livers.
Effects of a High-Protein/Low-Carbohydrate versus a Standard Hypocaloric Diet on Weight and Cardiovascular Risk Factors during 9 Months: Role of a Genetic Variation in the Cannabinoid Receptor Gene (CNR1) (G1359A Polymorphism).
Effects of different fatty acid chain lengths on fatty acid oxidation-related protein expression levels in rat skeletal muscles.
Chronic erythropoietin treatment improves diet-induced glucose intolerance in rats.
Deletion of Myeloid GSK3α Attenuates Atherosclerosis and Promotes an M2 Macrophage Phenotype.
Absence of Four-and-a-Half LIM Domain Protein 2 Decreases Atherosclerosis in ApoE-/- Mice.
High-fat diet-induced adiposity, adipose inflammation, hepatic steatosis and hyperinsulinemia in outbred CD-1 mice.
[Protective effect of silibinin on islet β cells in C57BL/6J mice fed a highfat diet].
Long-term supplementation with a low dose of proanthocyanidins normalized liver miR-33a and miR-122 levels in high-fat diet-induced obese rats.
The association of MC4R rs17782313 polymorphism with dietary intake in Iranian adults.
Synergistic Effects of a GPR119 Agonist with Metformin on Weight Loss in Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Combination of cadmium and high cholesterol levels as a risk factor for heart fibrosis.
Nutrition targeting by food timing: time-related dietary approaches to combat obesity and metabolic syndrome.
Effects of non-fat dairy products added to the routine diet on vascular function: a randomized controlled crossover trial.
Performance of early-lactation dairy cows as affected by dietary starch and monensin supplementation.
Effect of nitrogen fertilization rate and regrowth interval of grass herbage on methane emission of zero-grazing lactating dairy cows.
Gender-specific increase in susceptibility to metabolic syndrome of offspring rats after prenatal caffeine exposure with post-weaning high-fat diet.
Carbonic anhydrase XII in valve interstitial cells promotes the regression of calcific aortic valve stenosis.
Endogenous activated angiotensin-(1-7) plays a protective effect against atherosclerotic plaques unstability in high fat diet fed ApoE knockout mice.
Use of re-esterified oils, differing in their degree of saturation and molecular structure, in broiler chicken diets.
Essential fatty acid intake and serum fatty acid composition among adolescent girls in central Mozambique.
Association between yogurt consumption, dietary patterns, and cardio-metabolic risk factors.
The diet of free-roaming Australian Central Bearded Dragons (Pogona vitticeps).
Growth of human colon cancer cells in nude mice is delayed by ketogenic diet with or without omega-3 fatty acids and medium-chain triglycerides.
High fat feeding affects the number of GPR120 cells and enteroendocrine cells in the mouse stomach.
AMP-activated protein kinase is required for the anti-adipogenic effects of alpha-linolenic acid.
Naringenin prevents obesity, hepatic steatosis, and glucose intolerance in male mice independent of fibroblast growth factor 21.
Vitamin d deficiency attenuates high-fat diet-induced hyperinsulinemia and hepatic lipid accumulation in male mice.
The Flower Tea Coreopsis tinctoria Increases Insulin Sensitivity and Regulates Hepatic Metabolism in Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Effects of inhaled citronella oil and related compounds on rat body weight and brown adipose tissue sympathetic nerve.
Understanding the role of maternal diet on kidney development; an opportunity to improve cardiovascular and renal health for future generations.
Correction: High fat diet subverts hepatocellular iron uptake determining dysmetabolic iron overload.
High-fat feeding impairs nutrient sensing and gut brain integration in the caudomedial nucleus of the solitary tract in mice.
Beneficial effects of calcitriol on hypertension, glucose intolerance, impairment of endothelium-dependent vascular relaxation, and visceral adiposity in fructose-fed hypertensive rats.
Adverse effects of obesity and/or high-fat diet on oocyte quality and metabolism are not reversible with resumption of regular diet in mice.
Myrosinase-treated glucoerucin is a potent inducer of the Nrf2 target gene heme oxygenase 1--studies in cultured HT-29 cells and mice.
Anti-atherosclerotic activity of catechins depends on their stereoisomerism.
Global DNA methylation was changed by a maternal high-lipid, high-energy diet during gestation and lactation in male adult mice liver.
Dysregulation of parkin in the substantia nigra of db/db and high-fat diet mice.
Effect of polycan, a β-glucan originating from <i>Aureobasidium,</i> on a high-fat diet-induced hyperlipemic hamster model.
Effects of dietary betaine on growth performance, fat deposition and serum lipids in broilers subjected to chronic heat stress.
Are cognitive functions in post-menopausal women related with the contents of macro- and micro-components in the diet?
miR-30c Mediates Upregulation of Cdc42 and Pak1 in Diabetic Cardiomyopathy.
Dietary restriction in moderately obese rats improves body size and glucose handling without the renal and hepatic alterations observed with a high-protein diet.
Monosodium L-glutamate and dietary fat exert opposite effects on the proximal and distal intestinal health in growing pigs.
Age at menarche and diet among adolescents in slums of Nashik, India.
Effect of Treadmill Running on Apelin and APJ Expression in Adipose Tissue and Skeletal Muscle in Rats Fed a High-fat Diet.
High-fat diet induces cardiac remodelling and dysfunction: assessment of the role played by SIRT3 loss.
Gluten-Free Diet and Lipid Profile in Children With Celiac Disease: Comparison With General Population Standards.
Fat mass- and obesity-associated gene Fto affects the dietary response in mouse white adipose tissue.
SIRT1 overexpression in skeletal muscle in vivo induces increased insulin sensitivity and enhanced complex I but not complex II-V functions in individual subsarcolemmal and intermyofibrillar mitochondria.
An actin filament population defined by the tropomyosin Tpm3.1 regulates glucose uptake.
Designed angiopoietin-1 variant, COMP-angiopoietin-1, rescues erectile function through healthy cavernous angiogenesis in a hypercholesterolemic mouse.
Chronic overeating impairs hepatic glucose uptake and disposition.
C1q-TNF-related protein-9, a novel cardioprotetcive cardiokine, requires proteolytic cleavage to generate a biologically active globular domain isoform.
Metabonomic Changes Associated with Atherosclerosis Progression for LDLR(-/-) Mice.
SUMO-Specific Protease 2 (SENP2) Is an Important Regulator of Fatty Acid Metabolism in Skeletal Muscle.
Increasing adipocyte lipoprotein lipase improves glucose metabolism in high fat diet-induced obesity.
Antihypertensive effect of radix paeoniae alba in spontaneously hypertensive rats and excessive alcohol intake and high fat diet induced hypertensive rats.
Meta-analysis of studies on breast cancer risk and diet in Chinese women.
Ameliorative effect of allopurinol on vascular complications of insulin resistance.
Body fat accumulation in zebrafish is induced by a diet rich in fat and reduced by supplementation with green tea extract.
Adipose Tissue Insulin Action and IL-6 Signaling after Exercise in Obese Mice.
¹H-NMR and MS based metabolomics study of the intervention effect of curcumin on hyperlipidemia mice induced by high-fat diet.
Saturated fatty acids modulate autophagy's proteins in the hypothalamus.
A newly designed curcumin analog Y20 mitigates cardiac injury via anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidant actions in obese rats.
Role of VMH ketone bodies in adjusting caloric intake to increased dietary fat content in DIO and DR rats.
No effect of NOS inhibition on skeletal muscle glucose uptake during in situ hindlimb contraction in healthy and diabetic Sprague-Dawley rats.
Dietary Adherence, Glycemic Control, and Psychological Factors Associated with Binge Eating Among Indigenous and Non-Indigenous Chileans with Type 2 Diabetes.
A gestational diet high in fat-soluble vitamins alters expression of genes in brain pathways and reduces sucrose preference, but not food intake, in Wistar male rat offspring.
Direct and maternal n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation improved triglyceridemia and glycemia through the regulation of hepatic and muscle sphingolipid synthesis in offspring hamsters fed a high-fat diet.
High-Fat Diet-Induced Retinal Dysfunction.
Inhibition of extracellular cyclophilins with cyclosporine analog and development of atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice.
Renoprotective Effects of Vitex megapotamica (Spreng.) Moldenke in C57BL/6 LDLr-Null Mice Undergoing High Fat Diet.
Photoperiod regulates lean mass accretion, but not adiposity, in growing F344 rats fed a high fat diet.
Allomyrina dichotoma (Arthropoda: Insecta) larvae confer resistance to obesity in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Sirt3 prevents maternal obesity-associated oxidative stress and meiotic defects in mouse oocytes.
Biphasic effects of FGF2 on adipogenesis.
Macronutrient intake and stomach cancer.
Wheel running decreases palatable diet preference in Sprague-Dawley rats.
Monosodium L-Glutamate and Dietary Fat Differently Modify the Composition of the Intestinal Microbiota in Growing Pigs.
Obese-insulin resistance accelerates and aggravates cardiometabolic disorders and cardiac mitochondrial dysfunction in estrogen-deprived female rats.
Differential protein expression in white adipose tissue from obesity-prone and obesity-resistant mice in response to high fat diet and anti-obesity herbal medicines.
Chronic stress aggravates glucose intolerance in leptin receptor-deficient (db/db) mice.
Effect of pistachio consumption on plasma lipoprotein subclasses in pre-diabetic subjects.
Metabolomic analysis reveals distinct profiles in the plasma and urine of rats fed a high-protein diet.
Can raisins ameliorate the hypercholesterolaemia-induced cardiac affection?
Voluntary exercise improves metabolic profile in high-fat fed glucocorticoid-treated rats.
Effect of keishibukuryogan on genetic and dietary obesity models.
ADCY5 gene expression in adipose tissue is related to obesity in men and mice.
Consumption of Oxidized and Partially Hydrogenated Oils Differentially Induces Trans-Fatty Acids Incorporation in Rats' Heart and Dyslipidemia.
Cooking enhances beneficial effects of pea seed coat consumption on glucose tolerance, incretin, and pancreatic hormones in high-fat-diet-fed rats.
Lysimachia christinae Hance regresses preestablished cholesterol gallstone in mice.
Antihyperlipidemic effect of Cyclocarya paliurus (Batal.) Iljinskaja extract and inhibition of apolipoprotein B48 overproduction in hyperlipidemic mice.
Effects of high-fat diet on salivary α-amylase, serum parameters and food consumption in rats.
High-Resolution Metabolomics with Acyl-CoA Profiling Reveals Widespread Remodeling in Response to Diet.
Akkermansia muciniphila Adheres to Enterocytes and Strengthens the Integrity of the Epithelial Cell Layer.
Whey and soy protein supplements changes body composition in patients with Crohn's disease undergoing azathioprine and anti-TNF-alpha therapy.
[Nutritional status, healthy habits, quality of life and daytime sleepiness in nightlife workers of Córdoba].
Overproduction of altered VLDL in an insulin-resistance rat model: Influence of SREBP-1c and PPAR-α.
Exercise but not (-)-epigallocatechin-3-gallate or β-alanine enhances physical fitness, brain plasticity, and behavioral performance in mice.
Dihydromyricetin improves skeletal muscle insulin resistance by inducing autophagy via the AMPK signaling pathway.
Are you also what your mother eats? Distinct proteomic portrait as a result of maternal high-fat diet in the cerebral cortex of the adult mouse.
Leptin ameliorates ischemic necrosis of the femoral head in rats with obesity induced by a high-fat diet.
Long-term hyperphagia and caloric restriction caused by low- or high-density husbandry have differential effects on zebrafish postembryonic development, somatic growth, fat accumulation and reproduction.
Isorhamnetin attenuates atherosclerosis by inhibiting macrophage apoptosis via PI3K/AKT activation and HO-1 induction.
Overexpression of miR-155 in the liver of transgenic mice alters the expression profiling of hepatic genes associated with lipid metabolism.
[Analysis of the recommendations for cancer prevention given by the global fund for research on cancer (FMIC) and the situation in Chile].
Low level of trans-10, cis-12 conjugated linoleic acid decreases adiposity and increases browning independent of inflammatory signaling in overweight Sv129 mice.
Treating diet-induced diabetes and obesity with human embryonic stem cell-derived pancreatic progenitor cells and antidiabetic drugs.
Resveratrol treatment rescues hyperleptinemia and improves hypothalamic leptin signaling programmed by maternal high-fat diet in rats.
MicroRNA-26a prevents endothelial cell apoptosis by directly targeting TRPC6 in the setting of atherosclerosis.
A humoral immune defect distinguishes the response to Staphylococcus aureus infections in mice with obesity and type 2 diabetes from that in mice with type 1 diabetes.
Effect of Lactobacillus plantarum Strain K21 on High-Fat Diet-Fed Obese Mice.
Muscle histidine-containing dipeptides are elevated by glucose intolerance in both rodents and men.
Interpreting the Australian dietary guideline to 'limit' into practical and personalised advice.
Thrombospondin1 deficiency attenuates obesity-associated microvascular complications in ApoE-/- mice.
Paternal obesity induces metabolic and sperm disturbances in male offspring that are exacerbated by their exposure to an 'obesogenic' diet.
Virgin olive oil, palm olein and coconut oil diets do not raise cell adhesion molecules and thrombogenicity indices in healthy Malaysian adults.
Chronic administration of AM251 improves albuminuria and renal tubular structure in obese rats.
Manganese-mediated MRI signals correlate with functional β-cell mass during diabetes progression.
Eating high fat chow decreases dopamine clearance in adolescent and adult male rats but selectively enhances the locomotor stimulating effects of cocaine in adolescents.
Obesity alters gene expression for GH/IGF-I axis in mouse mammary fat pads: differential role of cortistatin and somatostatin.
Transition of maternal and child nutrition in Asia: implications for public health.
Challenges in breast milk fortification for preterm infants.
[Tsc1 promoter methylation rate, mTOR expression in food-induced obese rat hypothalamus].
Interplay between glucose and leptin signalling determines the strength of GABAergic synapses at POMC neurons.
Effects of different sulphur amino acids and dietary electrolyte balance levels on performance, jejunal morphology, and immunocompetence of broiler chicks.
Activation of sphingosine kinase 2 by endoplasmic reticulum stress ameliorates hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in mice.
Adipocyte glucocorticoid receptors mediate fat-to-brain signaling.
Maternal use of flaxseed oil during pregnancy and lactation prevents morphological alterations in pancreas of female offspring from rat dams with experimental diabetes.
Innovative Stride to Zero Hunger Beyond 2015 in Nigeria.
Chronic Intake of Sucrose Accelerates Sarcopenia in Older Male Rats through Alterations in Insulin Sensitivity and Muscle Protein Synthesis.
Nutrient patterns and brain biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease in cognitively normal individuals.
Red meat, dairy, and insulin sensitivity: a randomized crossover intervention study.
The p66(Shc) redox adaptor protein is induced by saturated fatty acids and mediates lipotoxicity-induced apoptosis in pancreatic beta cells.
Endothelial glucocorticoid receptor suppresses atherogenesis--brief report.
Regulation of Csf1r and Bcl6 in macrophages mediates the stage-specific effects of microRNA-155 on atherosclerosis.
Inhibition of ERK1/2 and activation of LXR synergistically reduce atherosclerotic lesions in ApoE-deficient mice.
Pregnant rats treated with a high-fat/prooxidant Western diet with ANG II and TNF-α are resistant to elevations in blood pressure and renal oxidative stress.
Effects of dietary protein levels during rearing and dietary energy levels during lay on body composition and reproduction in broiler breeder females.
A Process Evaluation of an Efficacious Family-Based Intervention to Promote Healthy Eating: The Entre Familia: Reflejos de Salud Study.
Thiocyanate supplementation decreases atherosclerotic plaque in mice expressing human myeloperoxidase.
2,4,6-Trihydroxybenzaldehyde, a potential anti-obesity treatment, suppressed adipocyte differentiation in 3T3-L1 cells and fat accumulation induced by high-fat diet in C57BL/6 mice.
Kupffer cell depletion protects against the steatosis, but not the liver damage, induced by marginal-copper, high-fructose diet in male rats.
Poor outcome of experimental ischemic stroke in type 2 diabetic rats: impaired circulating endothelial progenitor cells mobilization.
Dietetic recommendations after bariatric procedures in the light of the new guidelines regarding metabolic and bariatric surgery.
The effect of girls attitudes towards the health benefits of food on selected dietary characteristics. The GEBahealth Project.
Orexin A regulates plasma insulin and leptin levels in a time-dependent manner following a glucose load in mice.
ADAMTS13 deficiency in mice does not affect adipose tissue development.
Translational value of animal models of obesity-Focus on dogs and cats.
Considerations on pig models for appetite, metabolic syndrome and obese type 2 diabetes: From food intake to metabolic disease.
The effects of atorvastatin on the prevention of osteoporosis and dyslipidemia in the high-fat-fed ovariectomized rats.
Hyperglycemia repression of miR-24 coordinately upregulates endothelial cell expression and secretion of von Willebrand factor.
Cholesterol-induced hepatic inflammation does not underlie the predisposition to insulin resistance in dyslipidemic female LDL receptor knockout mice.
[Risk factors for type 1 diabetes among Uyghur children in Xinjiang, China].
[Milk fat - the only existing for any reason].
C-C chemokine receptor 2 inhibitor ameliorates hepatic steatosis by improving ER stress and inflammation in a type 2 diabetic mouse model.
MAP kinase phosphatase 2 regulates macrophage-adipocyte interaction.
The effect of N-stearoylethanolamine on cholesterol content, fatty acid composition and protein carbonylation level in rats with alimentary obesity-induced insulin resistance.
Combinatorial gene construct and non-viral delivery for anti-obesity in diet-induced obese mice.
Rice bran extract containing acylated steryl glucoside fraction decreases elevated blood LDL cholesterol level in obese Japanese men.
Nutritional approaches to ameliorate pulmonary hypertension in broiler chickens.
Bone marrow-specific caspase-1/11 deficiency inhibits atherosclerosis development in Ldlr(-/-) mice.
Factors influencing individual variability in high fat diet-induced weight gain in out-bred MF1 mice.
Dietary patterns and asthma prevalence, incidence and control.
The nitroxide radical TEMPOL prevents obesity, hyperlipidaemia, elevation of inflammatory cytokines, and modulates atherosclerotic plaque composition in apoE-/- mice.
The effect of impaired angiogenesis on intestinal function following massive small bowel resection.
Mobilization of sca1/flk-1 positive endothelial progenitor cells declines in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice with a high-fat diet.
Valsartan Promoting Atherosclerotic Plaque Stabilization by Upregulating Renalase: A Potential-Related Gene of Atherosclerosis.
A systematic review of nutrition-based practices in prevention of hypertension among healthy youth.
Influence of gender and time diet exposure on endocrine pancreas remodeling in response to high fat diet-induced metabolic disturbances in mice.
Early skeletal muscle adaptations to short-term high-fat diet in humans before changes in insulin sensitivity.
Interactive effects of oligofructose and obesity predisposition on gut hormones and microbiota in diet-induced obese rats.
Exercise intensity and the protection from postprandial vascular dysfunction in adolescents.
Exercise training and return to a well-balanced diet activate the neuregulin 1/ErbB pathway in skeletal muscle of obese rats.
Resveratrol attenuates inflammation and oxidative stress in epididymal white adipose tissue: implications for its involvement in improving steroidogenesis in diet-induced obese mice.
Tinospora crispa Ameliorates Insulin Resistance Induced by High Fat Diet in Wistar Rats.
Parametrial fat tissue from high fat diet-treated SKH-1 mice stimulates transformation of mouse epidermal JB6 cells.
Activity of 30 different cheeses on cholesterol plasma levels and Oxidative Balance Risk Index (OBRI) in a rat model.
Changes of Dietary Fat and Carbohydrate Content Alter Central and Peripheral Clock in Humans.
Nutritional profile and obesity: results from a random-sample population-based study in Córdoba, Argentina.
Correction: Effects of a high-fat diet on spontaneous metastasis of Lewis lung carcinoma in plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 deficient and wild-type mice.
Rat Reflux Model of Esophageal Cancer and Its Implication in Human Disease.
Effects of puerarin on lipid accumulation and metabolism in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Licochalcone F alleviates glucose tolerance and chronic inflammation in diet-induced obese mice through Akt and p38 MAPK.
Endothelin-1 exacerbates development of hypertension and atherosclerosis in modest insulin resistant syndrome.
Association of Adiponectin With Body Composition and Mortality in Hemodialysis Patients.
Aspirin-induced histone acetylation in endothelial cells enhances synthesis of the secreted isoform of netrin-1 thus inhibiting monocyte vascular infiltration.
Long-lasting partnership between insulin resistance and endothelial dysfunction: role of metabolic memory.
Nox2 mediates skeletal muscle insulin resistance induced by a high fat diet.
Predictors and risks of body fat profiles in young New Zealand European, Māori and Pacific women: study protocol for the women's EXPLORE study.
Effects of broiler breeder management on pullet body weight and carcass uniformity.
Effect of a High-Fructose Weight-Maintaining Diet on Lipogenesis and Liver Fat.
PTPRO-mediated autophagy prevents hepatosteatosis and tumorigenesis.
Effects of Mung Bean (Vigna radiata L.) Ethanol Extracts Decrease Proinflammatory Cytokine-Induced Lipogenesis in the KK-Ay Diabese Mouse Model.
Reduced size and macrophage content of advanced atherosclerotic lesions in mice with bone marrow specific deficiency of alpha 7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor.
Anti-Obesity Effects of Soy Leaf via Regulation of Adipogenic Transcription Factors and Fat Oxidation in Diet-Induced Obese Mice and 3T3-L1 Adipocytes.
The role of the commensal microbiota in the regulation of tolerance to dietary allergens.
Programming of metabolic effects in C57BL/6JxFVB mice by in utero and lactational exposure to perfluorooctanoic acid.
Associations between major fatty acids in plant oils fed to dairy goats and C18 isomers in milk fat.
Postprandial glucagon-like peptide-1 secretion is increased during the progression of glucose intolerance and obesity in high-fat/high-sucrose diet-fed rats.
Liver delipidating effect of a combination of resveratrol and quercetin in rats fed an obesogenic diet.
High-intensity Fitness Training Among a National Sample of Male Career Firefighters.
FTO is necessary for the induction of leptin resistance by high-fat feeding.
Enhanced insulin signaling in density-enhanced phosphatase-1 (DEP-1) knockout mice.
The LXR inverse agonist SR9238 suppresses fibrosis in a model of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
A conserved transcriptional signature of delayed aging and reduced disease vulnerability is partially mediated by SIRT3.
The maternal-age-associated risk of congenital heart disease is modifiable.
Monounsaturated fatty acids-rich diets in hypercholesterolemic-growing rats.
Black soybean extract reduces fatty acid contents in subcutaneous, but not in visceral adipose triglyceride in high-fat fed rats.
Plexin D1 determines body fat distribution by regulating the type V collagen microenvironment in visceral adipose tissue.
Carbohydrate (CHO), protein and fat intake of healthy Pakistani school children in a 24 hour period.
Anti-inflammatory effects of tanshinone IIA on atherosclerostic vessels of ovariectomized ApoE mice are mediated by estrogen receptor activation and through the ERK signaling pathway.
Food sources of fat may clarify the inconsistent role of dietary fat intake for incidence of type 2 diabetes.
2-(3-Benzoylthioureido)-4,5,6,7-tetrahydrobenzo[b]thiophene-3-carboxylic acid ameliorates metabolic disorders in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Down-Regulation of Renal Gluconeogenesis in Type II Diabetic Rats Following Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass Surgery: A Potential Mechanism in Hypoglycemic Effect.
Piceatannol lowers the blood glucose level in diabetic mice.
Effects of liquid konjac on parameters related to obesity in diet-induced obese mice.
Ketogenic diet attenuates NMDA-induced damage to rat's retinal ganglion cells in an age-dependent manner.
Miglitol protects against age-dependent weight gain in mice: A potential role of increased UCP1 content in brown adipose tissue.
Overexpression of HIF-2α in pancreatic β cells does not alter glucose homeostasis.
Taurine ameliorates hypercholesterolemia but not obesity in rats fed a lard-based, high-fat diet.
Long-term taurine supplementation leads to enhanced hepatic steatosis, renal dysfunction and hyperglycemia in mice fed on a high-fat diet.
Effects of a high fat diet and taurine supplementation on metabolic parameters and skeletal muscle mitochondrial function in rats.
N-(β- D-Xylopyranosyl)taurine Sodium Salt Supplementation Has Beneficial Effect on the Hepatic Antioxidant System of Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet and β-Alanine.
Anti-obesity and Hypolipidemic Effects of N-(β-D-Xylopyranosyl) Taurine Sodium Salt Supplementation in Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet and β-Alanine.
Habitual physical activity and plasma metabolomic patterns distinguish individuals with low vs. high weight loss during controlled energy restriction.
Nutrition and metabolic correlates of obesity and inflammation: clinical considerations.
Dairy proteins, dairy lipids, and postprandial lipemia in persons with abdominal obesity (DairyHealth): a 12-wk, randomized, parallel-controlled, double-blinded, diet intervention study.
Pre-germinated brown rice prevents high-fat diet induced hyperglycemia through elevated insulin secretion and glucose metabolism pathway in C57BL/6J strain mice.
Consumption of sucrose from infancy increases the visceral fat accumulation, concentration of triglycerides, insulin and leptin, and generates abnormalities in the adrenal gland.
Perinatal overnutrition exacerbates adipose tissue inflammation caused by high-fat feeding in C57BL/6J mice.
Akebia quinata extract exerts anti-obesity and hypolipidemic effects in high-fat diet-fed mice and 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
Correction: Accumulation of oxidized LDL in the tendon tissues of C57BL/6 or apolipoprotein E knock-out mice that consume a high fat diet: potential impact on tendon health.
Chia (Salvia hispanica L.) enhances HSP, PGC-1α expressions and improves glucose tolerance in diet-induced obese rats.
High fat diet causes depletion of intestinal eosinophils associated with intestinal permeability.
Effect of oleoylethanolamide on diet-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver in rats.
The effects of Zanthoxylum bungeanum extract on lipid metabolism induced by sterols.
Sitagliptin alleviated myocardial remodeling of the left ventricle and improved cardiac diastolic dysfunction in diabetic rats.
Cellular Cholesterol Accumulation Facilitates Ubiquitination and Lysosomal Degradation of Cell Surface-Resident ABCA1.
Modulation of Adipocytokines Production and Serum NEFA Level by Metformin, Glimepiride, and Sitagliptin in HFD/STZ Diabetic Rats.
Different postprandial lipid metabolism and insulin resistance between non-diabetic patients with and without coronary artery disease.
Oral Infections, Metabolic Inflammation, Genetics, and Cardiometabolic Diseases.
Using SRM-MS to quantify nuclear protein abundance differences between adipose tissue depots of insulin-resistant mice.
Essential role of Nrf2 in the protective effect of lipoic acid against lipoapoptosis in hepatocytes.
Feed conversion efficiency in dairy cows: Repeatability, variation in digestion and metabolism of energy and nitrogen, and ruminal methanogens.
Global deletion of MGL in mice delays lipid absorption and alters energy homeostasis and diet-induced obesity.
Chitosan Oligosaccharides Attenuate Atherosclerosis and Decrease Non-HDL in ApoE-/- Mice.
Cis-9, trans-11 and trans-10, cis-12 CLA mixture does not change body composition, induces insulin resistance and increases serum HDL cholesterol level in rats.
Lipid Panel Reference Intervals for Amazon Parrots (Amazona species).
Circulating Fat-Soluble Vitamin Concentrations and Nutrient Composition of Aquatic Prey Eaten by American Oystercatchers (Haematopus palliatus palliatus) in the Southeastern United States.
Iron status in obesity: An independent association with metabolic parameters and effect of weight loss.
Major urinary protein 1 interacts with cannabinoid receptor type 1 in fatty acid-induced hepatic insulin resistance in a mouse hepatocyte model.
The Effect of a Whey Protein Supplement on Bone Mass in Older Caucasian Adults.
[Effect of electroacupuncture stimulation of 'Housanli' (ST 36) and 'Zhongwan' (CV 12) on serum leptin and hepatocellular JAK 2-STAT 3 signaling in obese rats].
N-stearoyltyrosine dipotassium ameliorates high-fat diet-induced obesity in C57BL/6 mice.
Dietary Polyphenols Promote Growth of the Gut Bacterium Akkermansia muciniphila and Attenuate High-Fat Diet-Induced Metabolic Syndrome.
M2 Macrophage Polarization Mediates Anti-inflammatory Effects of Endothelial Nitric Oxide Signaling.
Genetic Disruption of Protein Kinase STK25 Ameliorates Metabolic Defects in a Diet-Induced Type 2 Diabetes Model.
Carotenoid-enriched transgenic corn delivers bioavailable carotenoids to poultry and protects them against coccidiosis.
Obesity depresses baroreflex control of renal sympathetic nerve activity and heart rate in Sprague Dawley rats: role of the renal innervation.
Visualized macrophage dynamics and significance of S100A8 in obese fat.
Resveratrol activates duodenal Sirt1 to reverse insulin resistance in rats through a neuronal network.
Metformin activates a duodenal Ampk-dependent pathway to lower hepatic glucose production in rats.
Activation of TRPV1 channel by dietary capsaicin improves visceral fat remodeling through connexin43-mediated Ca2+ influx.
Neurochemical and electrophysiological deficits in the ventral hippocampus and selective behavioral alterations caused by high-fat diet in female C57BL/6 mice.
Consumption of Red/Processed Meat and Colorectal Carcinoma: Possible Mechanisms Underlying the Significant Association.
Hepatoprotective effect of herb formula KIOM2012H against nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Myricitrin attenuates endothelial cell apoptosis to prevent atherosclerosis: An insight into PI3K/Akt activation and STAT3 signaling pathways.
Effects of processing corn on the carcass traits and meat quality of feedlot lambs.
Colors of fruits and vegetables and 3-year changes of cardiometabolic risk factors in adults: Tehran lipid and glucose study.
Chronic helminth infection and helminth-derived egg antigens promote adipose tissue M2 macrophages and improve insulin sensitivity in obese mice.
Caffeic acid phenethyl ester inhibits liver fibrosis in rats.
Effects of maternal diet and exercise during pregnancy on glucose metabolism in skeletal muscle and fat of weanling rats.
The Effects of High-Fat Diet Exposure In Utero on the Obesogenic and Diabetogenic Traits Through Epigenetic Changes in Adiponectin and Leptin Gene Expression for Multiple Generations in Female Mice.
The hypocholesterolemic and hormone modulation effects of isoflavones alone or co-fermented with probiotic bacteria in hypercholesterolemic rats model.
Effect of fruit vinegars on liver damage and oxidative stress in high-fat-fed rats.
Female offspring sired by diet induced obese male mice display impaired blastocyst development with molecular alterations to their ovaries, oocytes and cumulus cells.
Replacing soybean meal for wet brewer's grains or urea on the performance of lactating dairy cows.
Impaired oxidative capacity due to decreased CPT1b levels as a contributing factor to fat accumulation in obesity.
High-fat diet-induced insulin resistance does not increase plasma anandamide levels or potentiate anandamide insulinotropic effect in isolated canine islets.
Effects of Piper nigrum extracts: Restorative perspectives of high-fat diet-induced changes on lipid profile, body composition, and hormones in Sprague-Dawley rats.
[Study on hypoglycemic effect and mechanism of total flavonoids of Propolis in STZ diabetic rats].
JTP-103237, a novel monoacylglycerol acyltransferase inhibitor, modulates fat absorption and prevents diet-induced obesity.
Antidiabetic mechanism of Coptis chinensis polysaccharide through its antioxidant property involving the JNK pathway.
GLP-1(32-36)amide Pentapeptide Increases Basal Energy Expenditure and Inhibits Weight Gain in Obese Mice.
Hypothalamic Neuropeptide 26RFa Acts as an Incretin to Regulate Glucose Homeostasis.
Leucine amplifies the effects of metformin on insulin sensitivity and glycemic control in diet-induced obese mice.
Role of non-neuronal cells in body weight and appetite control.
Efficacy of garcinia cambogia on body weight, inflammation and glucose tolerance in high fat fed male wistar rats.
Effects of Combined Exposure to Lead and High-Fat Diet on Bone Quality in Juvenile Male Mice.
TNF-alpha and IL-6 inhibit apolipoprotein A-IV production induced by linoleic acid in human intestinal Caco2 cells.
Effects of quercetin derivatives from mulberry leaves: Improved gene expression related hepatic lipid and glucose metabolism in short-term high-fat fed mice.
Protective effects of scutellarin on type II diabetes mellitus-induced testicular damages related to reactive oxygen species/Bcl-2/Bax and reactive oxygen species/microcirculation/staving pathway in diabetic rat.
In vivo structure-function studies of human hepatic lipase: the catalytic function rescues the lean phenotype of HL-deficient (hl-/-) mice.
Phototherapy improves wound healing in rats subjected to high-fat diet.
Effects of discontinuing a high-fat diet on mitochondrial proteins and 6-hydroxydopamine-induced dopamine depletion in rats.
Increased meal frequency attenuates fat-free mass losses and some markers of health status with a portion-controlled weight loss diet.
Obesity Increases Mortality and Modulates the Lung Metabolome during Pandemic H1N1 Influenza Virus Infection in Mice.
Quercetin tests negative for genotoxicity in transcriptome analyses of liver and small intestine of mice.
Regulation of obesity-related insulin resistance with gut anti-inflammatory agents.
Three differently generated salmon protein hydrolysates reveal opposite effects on hepatic lipid metabolism in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Effect of days in feedlot on growth performance, carcass and meat quality attributes of Tanzania shorthorn zebu steers.
Direct effects of fatty meals and adiposity on oxidised low-density lipoprotein.
Effects of forage type and extruded linseed supplementation on methane production and milk fatty acid composition of lactating dairy cows.
Effects of two whole-grain barley varieties on caecal SCFA, gut microbiota and plasma inflammatory markers in rats consuming low- and high-fat diets.
Metabolomic analysis reveals altered skeletal muscle amino acid and fatty acid handling in obese humans.
Protective effects of restricted diet and antioxidants on testis tissue in rats fed with high-fat diet.
Regulation of systemic energy homeostasis by serotonin in adipose tissues.
Effect of different exercise protocols on metabolic profiles and fatty acid metabolism in skeletal muscle in high-fat diet-fed rats.
Dietary patterns, cardiometabolic risk factors, and the incidence of cardiovascular disease in severe obesity.
Behavioral disturbances in estrogen-related receptor alpha-null mice.
Gluten-free snacks using plantain-chickpea and maize blend: chemical composition, starch digestibility, and predicted glycemic index.
High fat diet deviates PtC-specific B1 B cell phagocytosis in obese mice.
The role of ovarian sex steroids in metabolic homeostasis, obesity, and postmenopausal breast cancer: molecular mechanisms and therapeutic implications.
TLR-3 is present in human adipocytes, but its signalling is not required for obesity-induced inflammation in adipose tissue in vivo.
Renoprotective effect of berberine on type 2 diabetic nephropathy in rats.
Raloxifene Ameliorates Liver Fibrosis of Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis Induced by Choline-Deficient High-Fat Diet in Ovariectomized Mice.
Differences in Hematopoietic Stem Cells Contribute to Sexually Dimorphic Inflammatory Responses to High Fat Diet-induced Obesity.
Chronic angiotensin AT2R activation prevents high-fat diet-induced adiposity and obesity in female mice independent of estrogen.
Gelatinase A (MMP-2) promotes murine adipogenesis.
Vascular AMPK as an attractive target in the treatment of vascular complications of obesity.
Blocking high-fat diet-induced obesity, insulin resistance and fatty liver by overexpression of Il-13 gene in mice.
Hepatoselective Nitric Oxide (NO) Donors, V-PYRRO/NO and V-PROLI/NO, in Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Comparison of Antisteatotic Effects with the Biotransformation and Pharmacokinetics.
IL-33 Reverses an Obesity-Induced Deficit in Visceral Adipose Tissue ST2+ T Regulatory Cells and Ameliorates Adipose Tissue Inflammation and Insulin Resistance.
Increased size and cellularity of advanced atherosclerotic lesions in mice with endothelial overexpression of the human TRPC3 channel.
A combination of probiotics and whey proteins enhances anti-obesity effects of calcium and dairy products during nutritional energy restriction in aP2-agouti transgenic mice.
Adaptations to a diet-based weight-reducing programme in obese women resistant to weight loss.
Antihyperlipidemic bioactivity of Alpinia officinarum (Hance) Farw Zingiberaceae can be attributed to the coexistance of curcumin, polyphenolics, dietary fibers and phytosterols.
The intrauterine and nursing period is a window of susceptibility for development of obesity and intestinal tumorigenesis by a high fat diet in Min/+ mice as adults.
Co-treatment of Pitavastatin and Dexamethasone Exacerbates the High-fat Diet-induced Atherosclerosis in apoE-deficient Mice.
Xyloketal B attenuates atherosclerotic plaque formation and endothelial dysfunction in apolipoprotein e deficient mice.
Crickets are not a free lunch: protein capture from scalable organic side-streams via high-density populations of Acheta domesticus.
A green algae mixture of Scenedesmus and Schroederiella attenuates obesity-linked metabolic syndrome in rats.
Subcutaneous and segmental fat loss with and without supportive supplements in conjunction with a low-calorie high protein diet in healthy women.
Biogeographic ancestry is associated with higher total body adiposity among African-American females: the Boston Area Community Health Survey.
LPSF/GQ-02 inhibits the development of hepatic steatosis and inflammation in a mouse model of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD).
A Novel Partial Agonist of Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor γ with Excellent Effect on Insulin Resistance and Type 2 Diabetes.
The aggravation of mitochondrial dysfunction in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease accompanied with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Early renal tubulointerstitial changes and their interventions with Shenkang Injection in diabetic rats].
Effects of genistein in combination with conjugated estrogens on endometrial hyperplasia and metabolic dysfunction in ovariectomized mice.
Relationship between Fatty Acid Habitual Intake and Early Inflammation Biomarkers in Individuals with and without Type 2 Diabetes in Mexico.
Lipopolysaccharide derived from the rumen down-regulates stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1 expression and alters fatty acid composition in the liver of dairy cows fed a high-concentrate diet.
Weight-loss intervention using implementation intentions and mental imagery: a randomised control trial study protocol.
Long-term high fat feeding of rats results in increased numbers of circulating microvesicles with pro-inflammatory effects on endothelial cells.
Association between yogurt consumption and the risk of metabolic syndrome over 6 years in the SUN study.
Programming of obesity and comorbidities in the progeny: lessons from a model of diet-induced obese parents.
Monascus purpureus-fermented Thai glutinous rice reduces blood and hepatic cholesterol and hepatic steatosis concentrations in diet-induced hypercholesterolemic rats.
[Effect of apigenin on protein expressions of PPARs in liver tissues of rats with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis].
Fibronectin extra domain A stabilises atherosclerotic plaques in apolipoprotein E and in LDL-receptor-deficient mice.
Deficiency of iNOS-derived NO accelerates lipid accumulation-independent liver fibrosis in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis mouse model.
[Effect and mechanism of recombinant hirudin on atherosclerotic plaques in apolipoprotein E knockout (ApoE(-/-)) mice].
FTO influences adipogenesis by regulating mitotic clonal expansion.
CCL20 is elevated during obesity and differentially regulated by NF-κB subunits in pancreatic β-cells.
Lipid Quality in Infant Nutrition: Current Knowledge and Future Opportunities.
A Novel CCK-8/GLP-1 Hybrid Peptide Exhibiting Prominent Insulinotropic, Glucose-Lowering, and Satiety Actions With Significant Therapeutic Potential in High-Fat-Fed Mice.
Antidiabetic and renoprotective effects of Cladophora glomerata Kützing extract in experimental type 2 diabetic rats: a potential nutraceutical product for diabetic nephropathy.
Exposure to common food additive carrageenan alone leads to fasting hyperglycemia and in combination with high fat diet exacerbates glucose intolerance and hyperlipidemia without effect on weight.
Valsartan blocks thrombospondin/transforming growth factor/Smads to inhibit aortic remodeling in diabetic rats.
Severe hypertriglyceridemia and hypercholesterolemia accelerating renal injury: a novel model of type 1 diabetic hamsters induced by short-term high-fat / high-cholesterol diet and low-dose streptozotocin.
Rapamycin impairs HPD-induced beneficial effects on glucose homeostasis.
Diet-induced obesity in male C57BL/6 mice decreases fertility as a consequence of disrupted blood-testis barrier.
The World Health Organization's Health Promoting Schools framework: a Cochrane systematic review and meta-analysis.
The long-term effect of screening and lifestyle counseling on changes in physical activity and diet: the Inter99 Study - a randomized controlled trial.
High dietary protein intake is associated with an increased body weight and total death risk.
Elementary school lunch categorisation and correlations with dietitian recommendations.
Prevention of atherosclerosis by Yindan Xinnaotong capsule combined with swimming in rats.
Sexual dimorphism of lipid metabolism in very long-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficient (VLCAD-/-) mice in response to medium-chain triglycerides (MCT).
Evaluation of anti-obesity activities of ethanolic extract of Terminalia paniculata bark on high fat diet-induced obese rats.
Transcriptomic analysis of hepatic responses to testosterone deficiency in miniature pigs fed a high-cholesterol diet.
Implication of coronin 7 in body weight regulation in humans, mice and flies.
Esculetin attenuates alterations in Ang II and acetylcholine mediated vascular reactivity associated with hyperinsulinemia and hyperglycemia.
AMPD1 regulates mTORC1-p70 S6 kinase axis in the control of insulin sensitivity in skeletal muscle.
Exendin-4 improves thermogenic capacity by regulating fat metabolism on brown adipose tissue in mice with diet-induced obesity.
Long-term efficacy of a Web-based computer-tailored nutrition education intervention for adults including cognitive and environmental feedback: a randomized controlled trial.
Cardiac mTOR rescues the detrimental effects of diet-induced obesity in the heart after ischemia-reperfusion.
Transient receptor potential vanilloid type-1 channel regulates diet-induced obesity, insulin resistance, and leptin resistance.
Liver-specific deletion of Ppp2cα enhances glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity.
High-salt in addition to high-fat diet may enhance inflammation and fibrosis in liver steatosis induced by oxidative stress and dyslipidemia in mice.
CCR5 facilitates endothelial progenitor cell recruitment and promotes the stabilization of atherosclerotic plaques in ApoE-/- mice.
Xanthine oxidase inhibition alleviates the cardiac complications of insulin resistance: effect on low grade inflammation and the angiotensin system.
Effect of testosterone deficiency on cholesterol metabolism in pigs fed a high-fat and high-cholesterol diet.
Postprandial triglyceride response in normolipidemic, hyperlipidemic and obese subjects - the influence of polydextrose, a non-digestible carbohydrate.
A Clinical Trial on Weight Loss among Truck Drivers.
Green tea polyphenol epigallocatechin-3-gallate ameliorates insulin resistance in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease mice.
Effects of diurnal variation of gut microbes and high-fat feeding on host circadian clock function and metabolism.
Calcium-sensing receptor is involved in the pathogenesis of fat emulsion-induced insulin resistance in rats.
Vitamin D3 supplementation and body composition in persons with obesity and type 2 diabetes in the UAE: A randomized controlled double-blinded clinical trial.
Effects of corn-based reduced-starch diets using alternative carbohydrate sources on performance of lactating Holstein cows.
Reduction of cardiac and aortic cholesterol in hypercholesterolemic rats fed esters of phytosterol and omega-3 fatty acids.
Nutritional recovery with a soybean diet after weaning reduces lipogenesis but induces inflammation in the liver in adult rats exposed to protein restriction during intrauterine life and lactation.
Changes in the colon microbiota and intestinal cytokine gene expression following minimal intestinal surgery.
Obesogenic dietary intake in families with 1-year-old infants at high and low obesity risk based on parental weight status: baseline data from a longitudinal intervention (Early STOPP).
Environmental factors and beta2-adrenergic receptor polymorphism: influence on the energy expenditure and nutritional status of obese women.
Differential Effects of Pioglitazone in the Hippocampal CA1 Region Following Transient Forebrain Ischemia in Low- and High-Fat Diet-Fed Gerbils.
Seafood inclusion in commercial main meal early years' food products.
Gene expression profiles reveal effect of a high-fat diet on the development of white and brown adipose tissues.
QRFP-26 enhances insulin's effects on glucose uptake in rat skeletal muscle cells.
Baicalin Attenuates High Fat Diet-Induced Obesity and Liver Dysfunction: Dose-Response and Potential Role of CaMKKβ/AMPK/ACC Pathway.
Phenotypic flexibility as a measure of health: the optimal nutritional stress response test.
Interleukin-33/ST2 system attenuates aldosterone-induced adipogenesis and inflammation.
Effects of Clostridium butyricum on antioxidant properties, meat quality and fatty acid composition of broiler birds.
Acetone as biomarker for ketosis buildup capability--a study in healthy individuals under combined high fat and starvation diets.
Maternal high-fat-diet programs rat offspring liver fatty acid metabolism.
Polyphenol-rich blackcurrant extract exerts hypocholesterolaemic and hypoglycaemic effects in mice fed a diet containing high fat and cholesterol.
Subcutaneous fat transplantation alleviates diet-induced glucose intolerance and inflammation in mice.
Ketone bodies mediate antiseizure effects through mitochondrial permeability transition.
Effects of kampo formulas on the progression of hypercholesterolemia and Fatty liver induced by high-cholesterol diet in rats.
Anti-hypercholesterolemic effect of kenaf (Hibiscus cannabinus L.) seed on high-fat diet Sprague dawley rats.
Intervention effect of traditional Chinese medicine Yi Tang Kang on metabolic syndrome of spleen deficiency.
Determination of protein and amino acid requirements of lactating sows using a population-based factorial approach.
A survey of diet self-efficacy and food intake in students with high and low perceived stress.
Loss of n-6 fatty acid induced pediatric obesity protects against acute murine colitis.
Potential natural products for Alzheimer's disease: targeted search using the internal ribosome entry site of tau and amyloid-β precursor protein.
Involuntary wheel running improves but does not fully reverse the deterioration of bone structure of obese rats despite decreasing adiposity.
Executive functions and consumption of fruits/ vegetables and high saturated fat foods in young adults.
Metabolic Syndrome, Type 2 Diabetes, and Cancer: Epidemiology and Potential Mechanisms.
Renal Protective Effects of a Diet and Exercise Intervention in Type 2 Diabetic Rats.
miR-195a inhibits adipocyte differentiation by targeting the preadipogenic determinator Zfp423.
High fat diet-Induced obesity alters vitamin D metabolizing enzyme expression in mice.
Comparative study of cholinergic and oxidative stress biomarkers in brains of diabetic and hypercholesterolemic rats.
Antiobesity Effect of a Small Molecule Repressor of RORγ.
Apolipoprotein E enhances microRNA-146a in monocytes and macrophages to suppress nuclear factor-κB-driven inflammation and atherosclerosis.
Emerging role of autophagy in mediating widespread actions of ADIPOQ/adiponectin.
Energy and macronutrient intakes in Brazil: results of the first nationwide individual dietary survey.
The E3 ubiquitin ligase TRIM23 regulates adipocyte differentiation via stabilization of the adipogenic activator PPARγ.
Long-term High-fat High-sucrose Diet Promotes Enlarged Islets and β-Cell Damage by Oxidative Stress in Bama Minipigs.
Fenofibrate insulates diacylglycerol in lipid droplet/ER and preserves insulin signaling transduction in the liver of high fat fed mice.
Hypolipidaemic and anti-oxidative potential of encapsulated herb (Terminalia arjuna) added vanilla chocolate milk in high cholesterol fed rats.
Aryl hydrocarbon receptor deficiency protects mice from diet-induced adiposity and metabolic disorders through increased energy expenditure.
A Novel Peroxisome Proliferator-activated Receptor (PPAR)α Agonist and PPARγ Antagonist, Z-551, Ameliorates High-fat Diet-induced Obesity and Metabolic Disorders in Mice.
[Prevalence of dyslipidemia among non-overweight adults and related factors in Zhejiang].
Asthma control in pregnancy is associated with pre-conception dietary patterns.
Ethanol promotes saturated fatty acid-induced hepatoxicity through endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress response.
Multimodality and molecular imaging of matrix metalloproteinase activation in calcific aortic valve disease.
64Cu-Labeled Divalent Cystine Knot Peptide for Imaging Carotid Atherosclerotic Plaques.
Metabolic outcome of female mice exposed to a mixture of low-dose pollutants in a diet-induced obesity model.
Reduction in the desaturation capacity of the liver in mice subjected to high fat diet: Relation to LCPUFA depletion in liver and extrahepatic tissues.
Exendin-4 regulates redox homeostasis in rats fed with high-fat diet.
Partial deletion of ROCK2 protects mice from high-fat diet-induced cardiac insulin resistance and contractile dysfunction.
Effect of docosahexaenoic acid monoacylglyceride on systemic hypertension and cardiovascular dysfunction.
Medium-chain triglyceride ameliorates insulin resistance and inflammation in high fat diet-induced obese mice.
A 3-day-old neonate with severe hypertriglyceridemia from novel mutations of the GPIHBP1 gene.
Inhibition of mammalian target of rapamycin protects against reperfusion injury in diabetic heart through STAT3 signaling.
Position of the academy of nutrition and dietetics: vegetarian diets.
Sphingosine 1-phosphate counteracts insulin signaling in pancreatic β-cells via the sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor subtype 2.
Novel role for retinol-binding protein 4 in the regulation of blood pressure.
A high-fat diet containing lard accelerates prostate cancer progression and reduces survival rate in mice: possible contribution of adipose tissue-derived cytokines.
Oxidized high-density lipoprotein accelerates atherosclerosis progression by inducing the imbalance between treg and teff in LDLR knockout mice.
p13 overexpression in pancreatic β-cells ameliorates type 2 diabetes in high-fat-fed mice.
Early adaptive response of the retina to a pro-diabetogenic diet: Impairment of cone response and gene expression changes in high-fructose fed rats.
Sechium edule Shoot Extracts and Active Components Improve Obesity and a Fatty Liver That Involved Reducing Hepatic Lipogenesis and Adipogenesis in High-Fat-Diet-Fed Rats.
Use of re-esterified palm oils, differing in their acylglycerol structure, in weaning-piglet diets.
Lemon detox diet reduced body fat, insulin resistance, and serum hs-CRP level without hematological changes in overweight Korean women.
Influence of dietary sugar on cholesterol and bile acid metabolism in the rat: Marked reduction of hepatic Abcg5/8 expression following sucrose ingestion.
Maternal high-fat diet programming of the neuroendocrine system and behavior.
Conjugated linoleic acid-enriched butter improved memory and up-regulated phospholipase A2 encoding-genes in rat brain tissue.
Medium-chain dicarboxylic acylcarnitines as markers of n-3 PUFA-induced peroxisomal oxidation of fatty acids.
High fat challenges with different fatty acids affect distinct atherogenic gene expression pathways in immune cells from lean and obese subjects.
Relationship between dietary energy density and dietary quality in overweight young children: a cross-sectional analysis.
Update on the management of severe hypertriglyceridemia--focus on free fatty acid forms of omega-3.
Co-administration of paroxetine increased the systemic exposure of pravastatin in diabetic rats due to the decrease in liver distribution.
ACSL1 Is Associated With Fetal Programming of Insulin Sensitivity and Cellular Lipid Content.
Albumin-associated free fatty acids induce macropinocytosis in podocytes.
Effect of multiple binge alcohol on diet-induced liver injury in a mouse model of obesity.
Metabolomic profiling in liver of adiponectin-knockout mice uncovers lysophospholipid metabolism as an important target of adiponectin action.
Conjugated Linoleic Acid Supplementation under a High-Fat Diet Modulates Stomach Protein Expression and Intestinal Microbiota in Adult Mice.
[Rapid determination of 28 pesticides and tetramine in whole blood by online gel permeation chromatography coupled with gas chromatography-mass spectrometry].
Labrador tea (Rhododendron groenlandicum) attenuates insulin resistance in a diet-induced obesity mouse model.
[Levels of autoantibodies against AT1-receptor in hypertensive patients with acute coronary syndromes and its role in coronary artery vasoconstriction].
Empirically derived dietary patterns and incident type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis on prospective observational studies.
Glycerol-3-phosphate Acyltransferase Isoform-4 (GPAT4) Limits Oxidation of Exogenous Fatty Acids in Brown Adipocytes.
A nontoxic case of vitamin D toxicity.
Renal kallikrein activation and renoprotection after dual blockade of renin-angiotensin system in diet-induced diabetic nephropathy.
Fat, fibre and cancer risk in African Americans and rural Africans.
Lower Protein-to-Carbohydrate Ratio in Maternal Diet is Associated with Higher Childhood Systolic Blood Pressure up to Age Four Years.
Modulation of the leptin receptor mediates tumor growth and migration of pancreatic cancer cells.
Protective effect of compound K on diabetic rats.
Hypoglycemic, lipid-lowering and metabolic regulation activities of metforminium decavanadate (H2Metf)3 [V10O28]·8H2O using hypercaloric-induced carbohydrate and lipid deregulation in Wistar rats as biological model.
Betaine alleviates hepatic lipid accumulation via enhancing hepatic lipid export and fatty acid oxidation in rats fed with a high-fat diet.
High saturated fat diet alters the lipid composition of triacylglycerol and polar lipids in the femur of dam and offspring rats.
Targeted inhibition of galectin 1 by thiodigalactoside dramatically reduces body weight gain in diet-induced obese rats.
Possible Involvement of Palmitate in Pathogenesis of Periodontitis.
Contribution of Musa paradisiaca in the inhibition of α-amylase, α-glucosidase and Angiotensin-I converting enzyme in streptozotocin induced rats.
Diet heart controversies--Quality of fat matters.
Does the Mediterranean diet counteract the adverse effects of abdominal adiposity?
Maternal obesity characterized by gestational diabetes increases the susceptibility of rat offspring to hepatic steatosis via a disrupted liver metabolome.
The Lipid Droplet Protein Hypoxia-inducible Gene 2 Promotes Hepatic Triglyceride Deposition by Inhibiting Lipolysis.
Anti-diabetic effects of shubat in type 2 diabetic rats induced by combination of high-glucose-fat diet and low-dose streptozotocin.
Antioxidative diet supplementation reverses high-fat diet-induced increases of cardiovascular risk factors in mice.
Antiresistin RNA Oligonucleotide Ameliorates Diet-Induced Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Mice through Attenuating Proinflammatory Cytokines.
Metabolic and pancreatic effects of bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells transplantation in mice fed high-fat diet.
Radiation-driven lipid accumulation and dendritic cell dysfunction in cancer.
Fat intake and the development of type 2 diabetes.
WHO European Childhood Obesity Surveillance Initiative: associations between sleep duration, screen time and food consumption frequencies.
Milk Yield, Composition, and Fatty Acid Profile in Dairy Cows Fed a High-concentrate Diet Blended with Oil Mixtures Rich in Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids.
Effect of enriching the diet with menhaden oil or daily treatment with resolvin D1 on neuropathy in a mouse model of type 2 diabetes.
From Association to Function in the Post-GWAS Era.
[6]-gingerol dampens hepatic steatosis and inflammation in experimental nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
Anti-obesity effect of Triticum aestivum sprout extract in high-fat-diet-induced obese mice.
Dietary Intake of Competitive Bodybuilders.
Physical inactivity and associated factors among university students in 23 low-, middle- and high-income countries.
Dietary Fat Intake Modifies the Effect of a Common Variant in the LIPC Gene on Changes in Serum Lipid Concentrations during a Long-Term Weight-Loss Intervention Trial.
Commonly consumed protein foods contribute to nutrient intake, diet quality, and nutrient adequacy.
The role of protein in weight loss and maintenance.
Early pharmacological inhibition of angiotensin-I converting enzyme activity induces obesity in adulthood.
Pharmacological characterization and antidiabetic activity of a long-acting glucagon-like peptide-1 analogue conjugated to an antithrombin III-binding pentasaccharide.
Carnosic acid as a major bioactive component in rosemary extract ameliorates high-fat-diet-induced obesity and metabolic syndrome in mice.
Dietary potential renal Acid load in venezuelan children.
Impact of a high-fat diet containing canola or soybean oil on body development and bone; parameters in adult male rats.
[Diet quality in college students with different academic profile].
Application of dynamic metabolomics to examine in vivo skeletal muscle glucose metabolism in the chronically high-fat fed mouse.
Short-term patient-centered nutrition counseling impacts weight and nutrient intake in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Adherence to Mediterranean diet and its relation with cardiovascular diseases in Turkish population.
OXPHOS-Mediated Induction of NAD+ Promotes Complete Oxidation of Fatty Acids and Interdicts Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Citreoviridin Enhances Atherogenesis in Hypercholesterolemic ApoE-Deficient Mice via Upregulating Inflammation and Endothelial Dysfunction.
Maternal intake of fat in pregnancy and offspring metabolic health - A prospective study with 20 years of follow-up.
Low intake of calcium and vitamin D, but not zinc, iron or vitamin A, is associated with stunting in 2- to 5-year-old children.
Postprandial adiponectin and gelatinase response to a high-fat versus an isoenergetic low-fat meal in lean, healthy men.
Lowering the dietary omega-6: omega-3 does not hinder nonalcoholic fatty-liver disease development in a murine model.
Atorvastatin protects endothelium by decreasing asymmetric dimethylarginine in dyslipidemia rats.
Inhibition of Sam68 triggers adipose tissue browning.
The effects of feeding rations that differ in neutral detergent fiber and starch concentration within a day on production, feeding behavior, total-tract digestibility, and plasma metabolites and hormones in dairy cows.
SR-135, a peroxynitrite decomposing catalyst, enhances β-cell function and survival in B6D2F1 mice fed a high fat diet.
Impact of high-fat diet and voluntary running on body weight and endothelial function in LDL receptor knockout mice.
Islet insulin content and release are increased in male mice with elevated endogenous GH and IGF-I, without evidence of systemic insulin resistance or alterations in β-cell mass.
Maternal and post-weaning high-fat, high-sucrose diet modulates glucose homeostasis and hypothalamic POMC promoter methylation in mouse offspring.
Increased airway reactivity and hyperinsulinemia in obese mice are linked by ERK signaling in brain stem cholinergic neurons.
Irf5 deficiency in macrophages promotes beneficial adipose tissue expansion and insulin sensitivity during obesity.
Naringin Improves Neuronal Insulin Signaling, Brain Mitochondrial Function, and Cognitive Function in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Benefits of the Mediterranean Diet: Insights From the PREDIMED Study.
[Rhein promotes the expression of SIRT1 in kidney tissues of type 2 diabetic rat].
Toona Sinensis ameliorates insulin resistance via AMPK and PPARγ pathways.
Salicylic acid elicitation during cultivation of the peppermint plant improves anti-diabetic effects of its infusions.
Study of the effects of cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor on the promotion of hepatic tumorigenesis in rats fed a high fat diet.
Anti-obese effect of glucosamine and chitosan oligosaccharide in high-fat diet-induced obese rats.
Fasting for 3 days during the suckling-weaning transient period in male rats induces metabolic abnormalities in the liver and is associated with impaired glucose tolerance in adulthood.
Amino acid-derived betaines dominate as urinary markers for rye bran intake in mice fed high-fat diet--A nontargeted metabolomics study.
Ursolic acid increases energy expenditure through enhancing free fatty acid uptake and β-oxidation via an UCP3/AMPK-dependent pathway in skeletal muscle.
Dieckol, a major phlorotannin in Ecklonia cava, suppresses lipid accumulation in the adipocytes of high-fat diet-fed zebrafish and mice: Inhibition of early adipogenesis via cell-cycle arrest and AMPKα activation.
Melatonin Attenuates Aortic Endothelial Permeability and Arteriosclerosis in Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Rats: Possible Role of MLCK- and MLCP-Dependent MLC Phosphorylation.
Forkhead Box O6 (FoxO6) Depletion Attenuates Hepatic Gluconeogenesis and Protects against Fat-induced Glucose Disorder in Mice.
Chaperonin-containing t-complex protein-1 subunit β as a possible biomarker for the phase of glomerular hyperfiltration of diabetic nephropathy.
Mori folium and mori fructus mixture attenuates high-fat diet-induced cognitive deficits in mice.
Smad3 deficiency protects mice from obesity-induced podocyte injury that precedes insulin resistance.
SYK regulates macrophage MHC-II expression via activation of autophagy in response to oxidized LDL.
Ethanol Extract of Peanut Sprout Lowers Blood Triglyceride Levels, Possibly Through a Pathway Involving SREBP-1c in Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet.
The Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 Analogue Liraglutide Inhibits Oxidative Stress and Inflammatory Response in the Liver of Rats with Diet-Induced Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Dietary cholesterol atherogenic changes in juvenile rabbits.
Modulation of cholesterol-related gene expression by ergosterol and ergosterol-enriched extracts obtained from Agaricus bisporus.
Maternal High-Fat Feeding Increases Placental Lipoprotein Lipase Activity by Reducing SIRT1 Expression in Mice.
SIRT3 Is Crucial for Maintaining Skeletal Muscle Insulin Action and Protects Against Severe Insulin Resistance in High-Fat-Fed Mice.
A nutrition and conditioning intervention for natural bodybuilding contest preparation: case study.

Geniposide promotes beta-cell regeneration and survival through regulating β-catenin/TCF7L2 pathway.
Worksite influences on obesogenic behaviors in low-wage workers in St Louis, Missouri, 2013-2014.
Effect of metabolic syndrome on mitsugumin 53 expression and function.
The Heart Protection Effect of Alcalase Potato Protein Hydrolysate Is through IGF1R-PI3K-Akt Compensatory Reactivation in Aging Rats on High Fat Diets.
[Intervention of berberine on lipid deposition in liver cells of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease rats induced by high fat diet].
[Intervention of Huayu Qutan Recipe on liver SREBP-2 signal pathway of hyperlipidemia rats of pi deficiency syndrome].
Protective effect of metformin on renal injury of C57BL/6J mouse treated with high fat diet.
Mechanism of the effect of glycosyltransferase GLT8D2 on fatty liver.
Obesity induced by high fat diet attenuates postinfarct myocardial remodeling and dysfunction in adult B6D2F1 mice.
High-fat diet enhanced retinal dehydrogenase activity, but suppressed retinol dehydrogenase activity in liver of rats.
Female PAPP-A knockout mice are resistant to metabolic dysfunction induced by high-fat/high-sucrose feeding at middle age.
Maternal salt and fat intake causes hypertension and sustained endothelial dysfunction in fetal, weanling and adult male resistance vessels.
Proinsulin-producing, hyperglycemia-induced adipose tissue macrophages underlie insulin resistance in high fat-fed diabetic mice.
Exercise ameliorates high fat diet induced cardiac dysfunction by increasing interleukin 10.
Fruit and vegetable intake assessed by food frequency questionnaire and plasma carotenoids: a validation study in adults.
Deletion of the Neurotrophic Factor neudesin Prevents Diet-induced Obesity by Increased Sympathetic Activity.
High fat diet-induced estrus cycle disruption: effects of Ficus asperifolia.
Baseline characteristics of a school based intervention to prevent non communicable diseases risk factors: Project 'together in Health'.
Ferulic acid regulates hepatic GLUT2 gene expression in high fat and fructose-induced type-2 diabetic adult male rat.
Comparison of angiotensin-(1-7), losartan and their combination on atherosclerotic plaque formation in apolipoprotein E knockout mice.
A model for the role of gut bacteria in the development of autoimmunity for type 1 diabetes.
Downregulation of microRNA-451 in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis inhibits fatty acid-induced proinflammatory cytokine production through the AMPK/AKT pathway.
Soy protein is beneficial but high-fat diet and voluntary running are detrimental to bone structure in mice.
Obesity associated Lyplal1 gene is regulated in diet induced obesity but not required for adipocyte differentiation.
Effects of corn silage particle size, supplemental hay, and forage-to-concentrate ratio on rumen pH, feed preference, and milk fat profile of dairy cattle.
Incremental amounts of ground flaxseed decrease milk yield but increase n-3 fatty acids and conjugated linoleic acids in dairy cows fed high-forage diets(1).
[Effects of conjugated linoleic acid and exercise on RBP4 of liver and adipose tissues in adolescent obese rats].
Longitudinal study of circulating miR-122 in a rat model of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Renal protective effects of induction of haem oxygenase-1 combined with increased adiponectin on the glomerular vascular endothelial growth factor-nitric oxide axis in obese rats.
The ability of genetically lean or fat slow-growing chickens to synthesize and store lipids is not altered by the dietary energy source.
Central Nervous System Demyelination and Remyelination is Independent from Systemic Cholesterol Level in Theiler's Murine Encephalomyelitis.
Kaempferol ameliorates symptoms of metabolic syndrome by regulating activities of liver X receptor-β.
Depletion of Kupffer cells attenuates systemic insulin resistance, inflammation and improves liver autophagy in high-fat diet fed mice.
PPAR-α agonist elicits metabolically active brown adipocytes and weight loss in diet-induced obese mice.
High plasma triglyceride levels strongly correlate with low kisspeptin in the arcuate nucleus of male rats.
Deciphering the therapeutic mechanisms of Xiao-Ke-An in treatment of type 2 diabetes in mice by a Fangjiomics approach.
Ginkgo biloba extract improves insulin signaling and attenuates inflammation in retroperitoneal adipose tissue depot of obese rats.
Mediterranean Diet and Age-Related Cognitive Decline: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
MicroRNA-26a regulates insulin sensitivity and metabolism of glucose and lipids.
Oxidized low-density lipoprotein alters endothelial progenitor cell populations.
The role of nutritional lipids and antioxidants in UV-induced skin cancer.
Acute but not chronic activation of brain glucagon-like peptide-1 receptors enhances glucose-stimulated insulin secretion in mice.
Increased fat and polyunsaturated fatty acid content in sow gestation diet has no effect on gene expression in progeny during the first 7 days of life.
The nutritional content and cost of supermarket ready-meals. Cross-sectional analysis.
Habitual total water intake and dimensions of mood in healthy young women.
Dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids revert renal responses induced by a combination of 2 protocols that increase the amounts of advanced glycation end product in rats.
Evaluation of food effect on the oral bioavailability of pradigastat, a diacylglycerol acyltransferase 1 inhibitor.
Nutrition. Diet change alters microbiota and might affect cancer risk.
Electroacupuncture inhibits weight gain in diet-induced obese rats by activating hypothalamic LKB1-AMPK signaling.
p110Delta Inhibits Monocyte Infiltration by Thioglycollate-Induced Periotoneal Inflammation but Not HCD-Induced Inflammation and Atherosclerosis in APOE KO Mice.
Juglone prevents metabolic endotoxemia-induced hepatitis and neuroinflammation via suppressing TLR4/NF-κB signaling pathway in high-fat diet rats.
Increased plasma cholesterol esterification by LCAT reduces diet-induced atherosclerosis in SR-BI knockout mice.
Neutralizing circulating ghrelin by expressing a growth hormone secretagogue receptor-based protein protects against high-fat diet-induced obesity in mice.
SIRT1 suppresses cardiomyocyte apoptosis in diabetic cardiomyopathy: An insight into endoplasmic reticulum stress response mechanism.
Pancreatic Islet APJ Deletion Reduces Islet Density and Glucose Tolerance in Mice.
Glutaredoxin 2a overexpression in macrophages promotes mitochondrial dysfunction but has little or no effect on atherogenesis in LDL-receptor null mice.
Cafeteria diet-fed mice is a pertinent model of obesity-induced organ damage: a potential role of inflammation.
The effects of energy intake of four different feeding patterns in rats.
Ghrelin signaling in the ventral tegmental area mediates both reward-based feeding and fasting-induced hyperphagia on high-fat diet.
GLP-2 as Beneficial Factor in the Glucose Homeostasis in Mice Fed a High Fat Diet.
Multiplatform metabolomic fingerprinting as a tool for understanding hypercholesterolemia in Wistar rats.
Antidiabetic Effect of Salvianolic Acid A on Diabetic Animal Models via AMPK Activation and Mitochondrial Regulation.
Histopathological changes in rat pancreas and skeletal muscle associated with high fat diet induced insulin resistance.
Additive protection by LDR and FGF21 treatment against diabetic nephropathy in type 2 diabetes model.
Hepatocyte-Specific Depletion of UBXD8 Induces Periportal Steatosis in Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Colorectal cancer: 5 big questions.
Healthy fats for healthy nutrition. An educational approach in the workplace to regulate food choices and improve prevention of non-communicable diseases.
Relationship between wheat characteristics and nutrient digestibility in broilers: comparison between total collection and marker (titanium dioxide) technique.
Cross-sectional analysis of nutrition and serum uric acid in two Caucasian cohorts: the AusDiab Study and the Tromsø study.
Paeoniflorin Protects against Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Induced by a High-Fat Diet in Mice.
Oncostatin M is a potential agent for the treatment of obesity and related metabolic disorders: a study in mice.
Long-term oral exposure to bisphenol A induces glucose intolerance and insulin resistance.
Dietary Silicon Deficiency Does Not Exacerbate Diet-Induced Fatty Lesions in Female ApoE Knockout Mice.
Expression of Selenoprotein Genes Is Affected by Obesity of Pigs Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Forced Hepatic Overexpression of CEACAM1 Curtails Diet-Induced Insulin Resistance.
Adipocyte SIRT1 knockout promotes PPARγ activity, adipogenesis and insulin sensitivity in chronic-HFD and obesity.
Activation of natriuretic peptides and the sympathetic nervous system following Roux-en-Y gastric bypass is associated with gonadal adipose tissues browning.
The physico-chemical properties of dietary fibre determine metabolic responses, short-chain Fatty Acid profiles and gut microbiota composition in rats fed low- and high-fat diets.
Identifying Vulnerable Atherosclerotic Plaque in Rabbits Using DMSA-USPIO Enhanced Magnetic Resonance Imaging to Investigate the Effect of Atorvastatin.
Chronic inflammation aggravates metabolic disorders of hepatic fatty acids in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Message in a biota: gut microbes signal to the circadian clock.
Dietary fatty acids affect lipid metabolism and estrogen receptor expression in N-methyl-N-nitrosourea-induced rat mammary cancer model.
Effect of a combination of calorie-restriction therapy and Lingguizhugan decoction on levels of fasting blood lipid and inflammatory cytokines in a high-fat diet induced hyperlipidemia rat model.
Exploring Diet, Physical Activity, and Quality of Life in Females with Metastatic Breast Cancer: A Pilot Study to Support Future Intervention.
Monascus pilosus-fermented black soybean inhibits lipid accumulation in adipocytes and in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Apolipoprotein E deficiency and high-fat diet cooperate to trigger lipidosis and inflammation in the lung via the toll-like receptor 4 pathway.
The enhanced expression of IL-17-secreting T cells during the early progression of atherosclerosis in ApoE-deficient mice fed on a western-type diet.
Endogenous GLP-1 as a key self-defense molecule against lipotoxicity in pancreatic islets.
Effect of High Fat Diets on Body Mass, Oleylethanolamide Plasma Levels and Oxytocin Expression in Growing Rats.
Metabolomics profiling to investigate the pharmacologic mechanisms of berberine for the treatment of high-fat diet-induced nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
Effects of selenium on endothelial dysfunction and metabolic profile in low dose streptozotocin induced diabetic rats fed a high fat diet.
Liver injury and fibrosis induced by dietary challenge in the Ossabaw miniature Swine.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress impairs insulin receptor signaling in the brains of obese rats.
Controversies surrounding high-protein diet intake: satiating effect and kidney and bone health.
The science of fatty acids and inflammation.
The carbohydrate-fat problem: can we construct a healthy diet based on dietary guidelines?
Emerging nutrition science on fatty acids and cardiovascular disease: nutritionists' perspectives.
Reduced-fat foods: the complex science of developing diet-based strategies for tackling overweight and obesity.
Nicotine and ethanol co-use in Long-Evans rats: Stimulatory effects of perinatal exposure to a fat-rich diet.
The C57BL/6J Niemann-Pick C1 mouse model with decreased gene dosage is susceptible to increased weight gain when fed a high-fat diet: Confirmation of a gene-diet interaction.
Gene expression related to lipid and glucose metabolism in white adipose tissue.
High-fat diet induced obesity primes inflammation in adipose tissue prior to liver in C57BL/6j mice.
An experimental study on amelioration of dyslipidemia-induced atherosclesis by Clematichinenoside through regulating Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-α mediated apolipoprotein A-I, A-II and C-III.
Balancing omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids in ready-to-use therapeutic foods (RUTF).
Effects of different model diets on milk composition and expression of genes related to fatty acid synthesis in the mammary gland of lactating dairy goats.
Milk production responses to a change in dietary starch concentration vary by production level in dairy cattle.
Association of Adiponectin with Adolescent Cardiovascular Health in a Dietary Intervention Study.
Administration of a maple syrup extract to mitigate their hepatic inflammation induced by a high-fat diet: a transcriptome analysis.
Muscular interleukin-6 differentially regulates skeletal muscle adaptation to high-fat diet in a sex-dependent manner.
Relationships between diet-related changes in the gut microbiome and cognitive flexibility.
Chronic high fat diet induces cardiac hypertrophy and fibrosis in mice.
Managing young children's snack food intake. The role of parenting style and feeding strategies.
Spontaneous and diet-aggravated hemolysis and its correction by probucol in SR-BI knockout mice with LDL-R deficiency.
Metabolic and Gonadotropic Impact of Sequential Obesogenic Insults in the Female: Influence of the Loss of Ovarian Secretion.
Comprehensive Metabolic Profiling of Age-Related Mitochondrial Dysfunction in the High-Fat-Fed ob/ob Mouse Heart.
Sedentary time in late childhood and cardiometabolic risk in adolescence.
Middle and Long-Term Impact of a Very Low-Carbohydrate Ketogenic Diet on Cardiometabolic Factors: A Multi-Center, Cross-Sectional, Clinical Study.
The influence of the ketogenic diet on the elemental and biochemical compositions of the hippocampal formation.
Fetuin A promotes lipotoxicity in β cells through the TLR4 signaling pathway and the role of pioglitazone in anti-lipotoxicity.
Inhibition of Azoxymethane-induced Colorectal Aberrant Crypt Foci in Mice Fed a High-fat Diet by Pleurotus eryngii (Eringi) and Hypsizygus marmoreus (Bunashimeji).
Hydrolysis enhances bioavailability of proanthocyanidin-derived metabolites and improves β-cell function in glucose intolerant rats.
Zinc Regulates Lipid Metabolism and MMPs Expression in Lipid Disturbance Rabbits.
Models and mechanisms of vascular dementia.
Alterations in sucrose sham-feeding intake as a function of diet-exposure in rats maintained on calorically dense diets.
Palmitoleate Reverses High Fat-induced Proinflammatory Macrophage Polarization via AMP-activated Protein Kinase (AMPK).
Hypolipidemic effects and safety of Lactobacillus reuteri 263 in a hamster model of hyperlipidemia.
Glucose- and Triglyceride-lowering Dietary Penta-O-galloyl-α-D-Glucose Reduces Expression of PPARγ and C/EBPα, Induces p21-Mediated G1 Phase Cell Cycle Arrest, and Inhibits Adipogenesis in 3T3-L1 Preadipocytes.
Inhibition of ROS and inflammation by an imidazopyridine derivative X22 attenuate high fat diet-induced arterial injuries.
Obesity accelerates cognitive decline by aggravating mitochondrial dysfunction, insulin resistance and synaptic dysfunction under estrogen-deprived conditions.
Dairy intake after prostate cancer diagnosis in relation to disease-specific and total mortality.
Ginsenoside Rg1 ameliorates oxidative stress and myocardial apoptosis in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Inflammatory and metabolic responses to high-fat meals with and without dairy products in men.
Abnormalities in myo-inositol metabolism associated with type 2 diabetes in mice fed a high-fat diet: benefits of a dietary myo-inositol supplementation.
Relationships among Puberty, Muscle and Fat, and Liveweight Gain during Mating in Young Female Sheep.
θ-Defensin RTD-1 improves insulin action and normalizes plasma glucose and FFA levels in diet-induced obese rats.
Effects of ambient temperature on glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity test outcomes in normal and obese C57 male mice.
Maternal high fat and/or salt consumption induces sex-specific inflammatory and nutrient transport in the rat placenta.
CD8+ T Cells Regulate Monopoiesis and Circulating Ly6C-high Monocyte Levels in Atherosclerosis in Mice.
Regulation of age-related macular degeneration-like pathology by complement factor H.
High fat diet-induced obesity increases the formation of colon polyps induced by azoxymethane in mice.
Changes in gut microbiota in rats fed a high fat diet correlate with obesity-associated metabolic parameters.
Enhanced mitochondrial superoxide scavenging does not improve muscle insulin action in the high fat-fed mouse.
Epidermal Fatty Acid binding protein promotes skin inflammation induced by high-fat diet.
Vascular and hepatic impact of short-term intermittent hypoxia in a mouse model of metabolic syndrome.
Long-Term Over-Expression of Neuropeptide Y in Hypothalamic Paraventricular Nucleus Contributes to Adipose Tissue Insulin Resistance Partly via the Y5 Receptor.
Exercise alters myostatin protein expression in sedentary and exercised streptozotocin-diabetic rats.
Milk-soluble formula increases food intake and reduces Il6 expression in elderly rat hypothalami.
Resistance to high-fat diet-induced obesity in male heterozygous Pprc1 knockout mice.
GIP increases adipose tissue expression and blood levels of MCP-1 in humans and links high energy diets to inflammation: a randomised trial.
Nutrient intake of pregnant women at high risk of gestational diabetes.
A long-term high-fat diet changes iron distribution in the body, increasing iron accumulation specifically in the mouse spleen.
Dietary ribonucleic acid suppresses inflammation of adipose tissue and improves glucose intolerance that is mediated by immune cells in C57BL/6 mice fed a high-fat diet.
Anticoagulating effects of water-extractive components from heshiko and narezushi, Japanese fermented aquatic products.
A high-fat diet impairs learning that is dependent on the dorsal hippocampus but spares other forms of learning.
[Experimental Approach to Analysis of the Relationship between Food Environments and Lifestyle-Related Diseases, Including Cardiac Hypertrophy, Fatty Liver, and Fatigue Symptoms].
Lack of mature lymphocytes results in obese but metabolically healthy mice when fed a high-fat diet.
Low-Molecular-Weight Peptides from Salmon Protein Prevent Obesity-Linked Glucose Intolerance, Inflammation, and Dyslipidemia in LDLR-/-/ApoB100/100 Mice.
Consuming High-Protein Soy Snacks Affects Appetite Control, Satiety, and Diet Quality in Young People and Influences Select Aspects of Mood and Cognition.
Palm Oil Consumption Increases LDL Cholesterol Compared with Vegetable Oils Low in Saturated Fat in a Meta-Analysis of Clinical Trials.
[Determination of the glycemic index of the wild rice and the effects of wild rice on insulin resistance in rats].
[Level of different energy metabolism on constitution of women in Xi' an City].
[Survey on diet and nutrition intake for customers from out-home eating in Beijing].
[Effects of octreotide on liver gluconeogenesis in obesity rats fed a high fat diet].
The role of dietary coconut for the prevention and treatment of Alzheimer's disease: potential mechanisms of action.
Free availability of high-energy foods led to energy over-ingestion and protein under-ingestion in choice-fed broilers.
NMR-based metabolomics highlights differences in plasma metabolites in pigs exhibiting diet-induced differences in adiposity.
A high-fish-oil diet prevents adiposity and modulates white adipose tissue inflammation pathways in mice.
The role of leptin in the sporadic form of Alzheimer's disease. Interactions with the adipokines amylin, ghrelin and the pituitary hormone prolactin.
Pterostilbene improves glycaemic control in rats fed an obesogenic diet: involvement of skeletal muscle and liver.
The diet-induced metabolic syndrome is accompanied by whole-genome epigenetic changes.
Design, synthesis and pharmacology of 1,1-bistrifluoromethylcarbinol derivatives as liver X receptor β-selective agonists.
Effects of palatable cafeteria diet on cognitive and noncognitive behaviors and brain neurotrophins' levels in mice.
Postprandial glycaemic response: how is it influenced by characteristics of cereal products?
The xanthine oxidase inhibitor febuxostat suppresses development of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis in a rodent model.
Interaction between leucine and phosphodiesterase 5 inhibition in modulating insulin sensitivity and lipid metabolism.
Does moderate intensity exercise attenuate the postprandial lipemic and airway inflammatory response to a high-fat meal?
miR-148a is Associated with Obesity and Modulates Adipocyte Differentiation of Mesenchymal Stem Cells through Wnt Signaling.
Mest and Sfrp5 are biomarkers for healthy adipose tissue.
Hepatic glycogen storage disorders: what have we learned in recent years?
Activation of Hippocampal CREB by Rolipram Partially Recovers Balance Between TNF-α and IL-10 Levels and Improves Cognitive Deficits in Diabetic Rats.
Bardoxolone methyl prevents insulin resistance and the development of hepatic steatosis in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Model mice for 15q11-13 duplication syndrome exhibit late-onset obesity and altered lipid metabolism.
Exploring future patterns of meat consumption.
Western-style diet impairs stimulus control by food deprivation state cues: Implications for obesogenic environments.
PCBP2 regulates hepatic insulin sensitivity via HIF-1α and STAT3 pathway in HepG2 cells.
The Role of CD36 in the Effect of Arginine in Atherosclerotic Rats.
Paleolithic nutrition improves plasma lipid concentrations of hypercholesterolemic adults to a greater extent than traditional heart-healthy dietary recommendations.
High-fat diet-induced deregulation of hippocampal insulin signaling and mitochondrial homeostasis deficiences contribute to Alzheimer disease pathology in rodents.
Tetrapleura tetraptera spice attenuates high-carbohydrate, high-fat diet-induced obese and type 2 diabetic rats with metabolic syndrome features.
Recent Updates on Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor δ Agonists for the Treatment of Metabolic Syndrome.
Counteract of bone marrow of blotchy mice against the increases of plasma copper levels induced by high-fat diets in LDLR-/- mice.
Adipose tissue Mest and Sfrp5 are concomitant with variations of adiposity among inbred mouse strains fed a non-obesogenic diet.
Oxidized LDL Is Strictly Limited to Hyperthyroidism Irrespective of Fat Feeding in Female Sprague Dawley Rats.
Low folate and selenium in the mouse maternal diet alters liver gene expression patterns in the offspring after weaning.
Role of thymol on hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia in high fat diet-induced type 2 diabetic C57BL/6J mice.
Coenzyme Q10 remarkably improves the bio-energetic function of rat liver mitochondria treated with statins.
Differential expression of CART in feeding and reward circuits in binge eating rat model.
Effects of a ketogenic diet on hippocampal plasticity in freely moving juvenile rats.
Increased missense mutation burden of Fatty Acid metabolism related genes in nunavik inuit population.
The Inhibitory Efficacy of Methylseleninic Acid Against Colon Cancer Xenografts in C57BL/6 Mice.
Review article: dietary fibre-microbiota interactions.
Effect of cheese consumption on blood lipids: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Oral and intestinal sweet and fat tasting: impact of receptor polymorphisms and dietary modulation for metabolic disease.
Exercise-Induced Weight Loss is More Effective than Dieting for Improving Adipokine Profile, Insulin Resistance, and Inflammation in Obese Men.
Platelet-activating factor modulates fat storage in the liver induced by a high-refined carbohydrate-containing diet.
Diabetes and diet in Ramadan.
Low Prevalence of AHA-Defined Ideal Cardiovascular Health Factors Among Urban Men and Women in India.
Effects of a high-protein/low-carbohydrate versus a standard hypocaloric diet on adipocytokine levels and cardiovascular risk factors during 9 months, role of rs6923761 gene variant of glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor.
Microbiota prevents cholesterol loss from the body by regulating host gene expression in mice.
Low-Dose Mineralocorticoid Receptor Blockade Prevents Western Diet-Induced Arterial Stiffening in Female Mice.
[Establishment and evaluation of a rat model of type 2 diabetes associated with depression].
[Decreased expression of calcium-sensing receptor involved in the progression of diabetic cardiomyopathy].
[Protective effect of curcumin derivative B06 on kidney of type 2 diabetic rats].
Stimulation of endothelial non-neuronal muscarinic receptor attenuates the progression of atherosclerosis via inhibiting endothelial cells activation.
A Herbal Formula HT048, Citrus unshiu and Crataegus pinnatifida, Prevents Obesity by Inhibiting Adipogenesis and Lipogenesis in 3T3-L1 Preadipocytes and HFD-Induced Obese Rats.
Diet-induced obesity causes peripheral and central ghrelin resistance by promoting inflammation.
Dipeptidyl peptidase 4 inhibitor improves brain insulin sensitivity, but fails to prevent cognitive impairment in orchiectomy obese rats.
Bilirubin Increases Insulin Sensitivity by Regulating Cholesterol Metabolism, Adipokines and PPARγ Levels.
Effects of eicosapentaenoic acid on hepatic dyslipidemia and oxidative stress in high fat diet-induced steatosis.
Lycium ruthenicum extract alleviates high-fat diet-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease via enhancing the AMPK signaling pathway.
Network-based integration of molecular and physiological data elucidates regulatory mechanisms underlying adaptation to high-fat diet.
Intermittent Hypoxia Impairs Endothelial Function in Early Preatherosclerosis.
Consumption of ultra-processed foods and their impact on the diet of young adults.
Galectin-3 Ablation Enhances Liver Steatosis, but Attenuates Inflammation and IL-33-Dependent Fibrosis in Obesogenic Mouse Model of Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis.
Combined high-fat diet and sustained high sucrose consumption promotes NAFLD in a murine model.
Effect of nuclear factor-κB and angiotensin II receptor type 1 on the pathogenesis of rat non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Milk from dams fed an obesogenic diet combined with a high-fat/high-sugar diet induces long-term abnormal mammary gland development in the rabbit.
Fat intake in children with autism spectrum disorder in the Mediterranean region (Valencia, Spain).
Serum lipid profiles, total tract nutrient digestibility, and gastrointestinal tolerance by dogs of α-cyclodextrin.
Impact of supplementing vitamin C for 56, 90, or 127 days on growth performance and carcass characteristics of steers fed a 0.31 or 0.59% sulfur diet.
Effect of early grain feeding of beef steers on postabsorptive metabolism.
Acetate and glucose incorporation into subcutaneous, intramuscular, and visceral fat of finishing steers.
Composition and quality characteristics of carcasses from pigs divergently selected for residual feed intake on high- or low-energy diets.
Perivascular adipose tissue-derived adiponectin inhibits collar-induced carotid atherosclerosis by promoting macrophage autophagy.
Optimal dietary energy and amino acids for gilt development: Growth, body composition, feed intake, and carcass composition traits.
Effect of hyperglycemia on hepatocellular carcinoma development in diabetes.
Impact of soluble epoxide hydrolase inhibition on early kidney damage in hyperglycemic overweight mice.
p16ink4a Expression Is Increased through 12-Lipoxygenase in High Glucose-Stimulated Glomerular Mesangial Cells and Type 2 Diabetic Glomeruli.
Direct comparison of metabolic health effects of the flavonoids quercetin, hesperetin, epicatechin, apigenin and anthocyanins in high-fat-diet-fed mice.
DNA Methylation Changes Induced by a High-Fat Diet and Fish Oil Supplementation in the Skeletal Muscle of Mice.
Postnatal weight gain induced by overfeeding pups and maternal high-fat diet during the lactation period modulates glucose metabolism and the production of pancreatic and gastrointestinal peptides.
Effect of Centaurium erythraea Rafn, Artemisia herba-alba Asso and Trigonella foenum-graecum L. on liver fat accumulation in C57BL/6J mice with high-fat diet-induced type 2 diabetes.
GPR43 Potentiates β-Cell Function in Obesity.
High-fat diet induces hepatic insulin resistance and impairment of synaptic plasticity.
High-fat diet induces toll-like receptor 4-dependent macrophage/microglial cell activation and retinal impairment.
PON1 and Mediterranean Diet.
Diabetic silkworms for evaluation of therapeutically effective drugs against type II diabetes.
Health effects of changes in the structure of dietary macronutrients intake in western societies.
Assessment of food intakes for women adopting the high protein Dukan diet.
Exclusion of the Distal Ileum Cannot Reverse the Anti-Diabetic Effects of Duodenal-Jejunal Bypass Surgery.
Feeding-induced oleoylethanolamide mobilization is disrupted in the gut of diet-induced obese rodents.
Contribution of the low-frequency, loss-of-function p.R270H mutation in FFAR4 (GPR120) to increased fasting plasma glucose levels.
Association between dietary patterns and metabolic syndrome in individuals with normal weight: a cross-sectional study.
β-Caryophyllene potently inhibits solid tumor growth and lymph node metastasis of B16F10 melanoma cells in high-fat diet-induced obese C57BL/6N mice.
Identification of a dietary pattern associated with greater cardiometabolic risk in adolescence.
Diabetes with poor glycaemic control does not promote atherosclerosis in genetically modified hypercholesterolaemic minipigs.
Can low-level laser therapy when associated to exercise decrease adipocyte area?
Brown midrib corn shredlage in diets for high-producing dairy cows.
The effect of buffering dairy cow diets with limestone, calcareous marine algae, or sodium bicarbonate on ruminal pH profiles, production responses, and rumen fermentation.
Short communication: Noninvasive indicators to identify lactating dairy cows with a greater risk of subacute rumen acidosis.
Effect of prepartal ad libitum feeding of grass silage on transcriptional adaptations of the liver and subcutaneous adipose tissue in dairy cows during the periparturient period.
Butyrate and deoxycholic acid play common and distinct roles in HCT116 human colon cell proliferation.
Sirt1 mediates the effect of the heme oxygenase inducer, cobalt protoporphyrin, on ameliorating liver metabolic damage caused by a high-fat diet.
[Protective effects of Qizhen Jiangtang granules in diabetic nephropathy rats].
Poor management of low birth weight compounds obesity and chronic diseases in Cuba.
Interactions between psychological stress and drinking status in relation to diet among middle-aged men and women: a large-scale cross-sectional study in Japan.
KBP-042 improves bodyweight and glucose homeostasis with indices of increased insulin sensitivity irrespective of route of administration.
Obesity and Obese-related Chronic Low-grade Inflammation in Promotion of Colorectal Cancer Development.
Knockdown of central ghrelin O-acyltransferase by vivo-morpholino reduces body mass of rats fed a high-fat diet.
The mitochondrial-targeted antioxidant, MitoQ, increases liver mitochondrial cardiolipin content in obesogenic diet-fed rats.
Of mothers and myelin: Aberrant myelination phenotypes in mouse model of Angelman syndrome are dependent on maternal and dietary influences.
Arterial stiffness is associated with adipokine dysregulation in non-hypertensive obese mice.
Dietary MicroRNA Database (DMD): An Archive Database and Analytic Tool for Food-Borne microRNAs.
The Intra- or Extracellular Redox State Was Not Affected by a High vs. Low Glycemic Response Diet in Mice.
Effect of Ambrex (a herbal formulation) on hematological variables in hyperlipidemic rats.
Dietary patterns after prostate cancer diagnosis in relation to disease-specific and total mortality.
Effects of Dietary Copper and Zinc Supplementation on Growth Performance, Tissue Mineral Retention, Antioxidant Status, and Fur Quality in Growing-Furring Blue Foxes (Alopex lagopus).
Estrogens protect male mice from obesity complications and influence glucocorticoid metabolism.
Hepatic NAD salvage pathway is enhanced in mice on a high-fat diet.
Antioxidant Defense System after Single and Chronic Administration of Obestatin and Its Fragment (1-4) to Normal and Overweight Male Rats.
Effects of dietary inulin on bacterial growth, short-chain fatty acid production and hepatic lipid metabolism in gnotobiotic mice.
Short- or long-term high-fat diet feeding plus acute ethanol binge synergistically induce acute liver injury in mice: an important role for CXCL1.
Vascular smooth muscle LRP6 limits arteriosclerotic calcification in diabetic LDLR-/- mice by restraining noncanonical Wnt signals.
Cigarette smoking and interest in quitting among overweight and obese adults with serious mental illness enrolled in a fitness intervention.
Amorphastilbol exerts beneficial effects on glucose and lipid metabolism in mice consuming a high-fat-diet.
Chronic administration of recombinant IL-6 upregulates lipogenic enzyme expression and aggravates high-fat-diet-induced steatosis in IL-6-deficient mice.
Eating meals before wheel-running exercise attenuate high fat diet-driven obesity in mice under two meals per day schedule.
Specific role of dietary fat in modifying cardiovascular and locomotor activity 24-h rhythms.
The lysyl oxidase inhibitor β-aminopropionitrile reduces body weight gain and improves the metabolic profile in diet-induced obesity in rats.
The effect of N-stearoylethanolamine on plasma lipid composition in rats with experimental insulin resistance.
Patterns of Food Consumption are Associated with Obesity, Self-Reported Diabetes and Cardiovascular Disease in Five American Indian Communities.
Cardiospecific CD36 suppression by lentivirus-mediated RNA interference prevents cardiac hypertrophy and systolic dysfunction in high-fat-diet induced obese mice.
Comparative proteomic analysis using 2DE-LC-MS/MS reveals the mechanism of Fuzhuan brick tea extract against hepatic fat accumulation in rats with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Hyperproduction of IL-6 caused by aberrant TDP-43 overexpression in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Intestinal mTOR regulates GLP-1 production in mouse L cells.
Estrogen Protects against Obesity-Induced Mammary Gland Inflammation in Mice.
Trends in dietary cholesterol intake among Chinese adults: a longitudinal study from the China Health and Nutrition Survey, 1991-2011.
DAPK2 Downregulation Associates With Attenuated Adipocyte Autophagic Clearance in Human Obesity.
Inactivation of NF-κB p65 (RelA) in Liver Improves Insulin Sensitivity and Inhibits cAMP/PKA Pathway.
Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass Alters Brain Activity in Regions that Underlie Reward and Taste Perception.
Metabolic effects of high sucrose and saturated oil feeding on insulin resistance in Sprague-Dawley rats.
Reduction of serum advanced glycation end-products with a low calorie Mediterranean diet.
Mediterranean countries facing the Mediterranean Diet, are we still on track? The example of southern Spain midlife women.
Effect of the intake of liquids rich in polyphenols on blood pressure and fat liver deposition in rats submitted to high-fat diet.
Adipose tissue redistribution caused by an early consumption of a high sucrose diet in a rat model.
Impact of the consumption of a rich diet in butter and it replacement for a rich diet in extra virgin olive oil on anthropometric, metabolic and lipid profile in postmenopausal women.
Effects of exercise on inflammation in cardiac rehabilitation.
Identification of matrine as a promising novel drug for hepatic steatosis and glucose intolerance with HSP72 as an upstream target.
Prepregnancy dietary patterns and risk of developing hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: results from the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health.
Effect of Chromium Supplementation on Element Distribution in a Mouse Model of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome.
Intermuscular and perimuscular fat expansion in obesity correlates with skeletal muscle T cell and macrophage infiltration and insulin resistance.
Integration of body temperature into the analysis of energy expenditure in the mouse.
Obesity in a model of gpx4 haploinsufficiency uncovers a causal role for lipid-derived aldehydes in human metabolic disease and cardiomyopathy.
Neudesin as a unique secreted protein with multi-functional roles in neural functions, energy metabolism, and tumorigenesis.
[Simvastatin's effect on insulin resistance in rats with diabetes mellitus].
Effects of thymoquinone on testicular structure and sperm production in male obese rats.
Research gaps in evaluating the relationship of meat and health.
ASK1 is involved in cognitive impairment caused by long-term high-fat diet feeding in mice.
Interactions between Diet, Bile Acid Metabolism, Gut Microbiota, and Inflammatory Bowel Diseases.
Metformin prevents ischemia reperfusion-induced oxidative stress in the fatty liver by attenuation of reactive oxygen species formation.
Saturated Fatty Acid inhibits viral replication in chronic hepatitis B virus infection with nonalcoholic Fatty liver disease by toll-like receptor 4-mediated innate immune response.
Chlorogenic acid/chromium supplement rescues diet-induced insulin resistance and obesity in mice.
Exendin-4 protected against critical limb ischemia in obese mice.
Inhibitory effects of Mycoepoxydiene on macrophage foam cell formation and atherosclerosis in ApoE-deficient mice.
Effects of High Fat Feeding and Diabetes on Regression of Atherosclerosis Induced by Low-Density Lipoprotein Receptor Gene Therapy in LDL Receptor-Deficient Mice.
Effects of Obesity and Metabolic Syndrome on Steroidogenesis and Folliculogenesis in the Female Ossabaw Mini-Pig.
The skin remodeling in type 1 diabetes and insulin resistance animal models.
The Orphan G Protein-Coupled Receptor Gene GPR178 Is Evolutionary Conserved and Altered in Response to Acute Changes in Food Intake.
Impairment of insulin receptor substrate 1 signaling by insulin resistance inhibits neurite outgrowth and aggravates neuronal cell death.
Galectin-3 deficiency exacerbates hyperglycemia and the endothelial response to diabetes.
Protective effects of Ginkgo biloba leaf polysaccharide on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and its mechanisms.
Diet-induced obesity and diet-resistant rats: differences in the rewarding and anorectic effects of D-amphetamine.
The influence of maternal dietary fat on the fatty acid composition and lipid metabolism in the subcutaneous fat of progeny pigs.
The creation of a healthy eating motivation score and its association with food choice and physical activity in a cross sectional sample of Irish adults.
Decaffeinated green tea extract rich in epigallocatechin-3-gallate improves insulin resistance and metabolic profiles in normolipidic diet--but not high-fat diet-fed mice.
Maternal nicotine exposure during lactation alters food preference, anxiety-like behavior and the brain dopaminergic reward system in the adult rat offspring.
The association between sleeve gastrectomy and histopathologic changes consistent with esophagitis in a rodent model.
Disparities in the Availability and Price of Low-Fat and Higher-Fat Milk in US Food Stores by Community Characteristics.
Over-nutrient environment during both prenatal and postnatal development increases severity of islet injury, hyperglycemia, and metabolic disorders in the offspring.
Effect of estrogen on expression of prohibitin in white adipose tissue and liver of diet-induced obese rats.
Stable oxyntomodulin analogues exert positive effects on hippocampal neurogenesis and gene expression as well as improving glucose homeostasis in high fat fed mice.
BK channel β1-subunit deficiency exacerbates vascular fibrosis and remodelling but does not promote hypertension in high-fat fed obesity in mice.
Contribution of brown adipose tissue activity to the control of energy balance by GLP-1 receptor signalling in mice.
You, your children, your grandchildren, and their inflammatory responses are what you eat.
[Relation between structure and function, of the cerebral artery 'carotid' in laboratory rat submitted to atherogenic diet].
Antidiabetic effects of flavonoids from Sophora flavescens EtOAc extract in type 2 diabetic KK-ay mice.
ASXL2 Regulates Glucose, Lipid, and Skeletal Homeostasis.
Lipoxin A4 Attenuates Obesity-Induced Adipose Inflammation and Associated Liver and Kidney Disease.
Clinical impact of Mediterranean-enriched-protein diet on liver size, visceral fat, fat mass, and fat-free mass in patients undergoing sleeve gastrectomy.
E2F8 promotes hepatic steatosis through FABP3 expression in diet-induced obesity in zebrafish.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors as targets to treat non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Diet-induced obesity alters anabolic signalling in mice at the onset of skeletal muscle regeneration.
CYP2J2 overexpression ameliorates hyperlipidemia via increased fatty acid oxidation mediated by the AMPK pathway.
The phosphorylated prodrug FTY720 is a histone deacetylase inhibitor that reactivates ERα expression and enhances hormonal therapy for breast cancer.
Effects of dietary fat profile on gut permeability and microbiota and their relationships with metabolic changes in mice.
Metabolic aspects of high-altitude adaptation in Tibetans.
Anti-obesity and metabolic efficacy of the β3-adrenergic agonist, CL316243, in mice at thermoneutrality compared to 22°C.
Lipid profiles of adipose and muscle tissues in mouse models of juvenile onset of obesity without high fat diet induction: a Fourier transform infrared (FT-IR) spectroscopic study.
Potent anti-seizure effects of D-leucine.
Anti-hyperlipidemic and anti-atherosclerotic effects of Pinus eldarica Medw. nut in hypercholesterolemic rabbits.
A novel mouse model of diabetes mellitus using unilateral nephrectomy.
Weight gain and inflammation regulate aromatase expression in male adipose tissue, as evidenced by reporter gene activity.
Resveratrol prevents hepatic steatosis and endoplasmic reticulum stress and regulates the expression of genes involved in lipid metabolism, insulin resistance, and inflammation in rats.
Energy intake and expenditure assessed 'in-season' in an elite European rugby union squad.
Effect of dietary supplementation of Bacillus subtilis B10 on biochemical and molecular parameters in the serum and liver of high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Concurrent maternal and pup postnatal tobacco smoke exposure in Wistar rats changes food preference and dopaminergic reward system parameters in the adult male offspring.
Effect of telmisartan on the therapeutic efficacy of pitavastatin in high-fat diet induced dyslipidemic guinea pigs.
Influence of habitual high dietary fat intake on endothelium-dependent vasodilation.
Strain differences in the attenuation of bone accrual in a young growing mouse model of insulin resistance.
Central effects of humanin on hepatic triglyceride secretion.
Dual actions of a novel bifunctional compound to lower glucose in mice with diet-induced insulin resistance.
Amelioration of oxidative and inflammatory status in hearts of cholesterol-fed rats supplemented with oils or oil-products with extra virgin olive oil components.
Short-term effects of ketogenic diet on anthropometric parameters, body fat distribution, and inflammatory cytokine production in GLUT1 deficiency syndrome.
Lactobacillus casei CRL 431 administration decreases inflammatory cytokines in a diet-induced obese mouse model.
The aromatic amino acid tryptophan stimulates skeletal muscle IGF1/p70s6k/mTor signaling in vivo and the expression of myogenic genes in vitro.
Dual effects of a mixture of grape pomace (Campbell Early) and Omija fruit ethanol extracts on lipid metabolism and the antioxidant defense system in diet-induced obese mice.
Inhibitory effects of Doenjang, Korean traditional fermented soybean paste, on oxidative stress and inflammation in adipose tissue of mice fed a high-fat diet.
Hypoglycemic and antioxidant effects of Daraesoon (Actinidia arguta shoot) in animal models of diabetes mellitus.
The relationship between household income and dietary intakes of 1-10 year old urban Malaysian.
Ethanol Extract of Persimmon Tree Leaves Improves Blood Circulation and Lipid Metabolism in Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet.
LDL Receptor-Related Protein-1 (LRP1) Regulates Cholesterol Accumulation in Macrophages.
Empirically derived dietary patterns in relation to psychological disorders.
Maltitol Prevents the Progression of Fatty Liver Degeneration in Mice Fed High-Fat Diets.
Lysine Acetylation Activates Mitochondrial Aconitase in the Heart.
Umbelliferone Improves an Impaired Glucose and Lipid Metabolism in High-Fat Diet/Streptozotocin-Induced Type 2 Diabetic Rats.
The intake of high-fat diets induces the acquisition of brown adipocyte gene expression features in white adipose tissue.
Testin on Atherosclerosis in Rabbits.
Effects of D-Pinitol on Insulin Resistance through the PI3K/Akt Signaling Pathway in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Rats.
Effects of Intravenous Injection of Porphyromonas gingivalis on Rabbit Inflammatory Immune Response and Atherosclerosis.
Chinese medicine Jinlida (JLD) ameliorates high-fat-diet induced insulin resistance in rats by reducing lipid accumulation in skeletal muscle.
CYP1B1 deficiency ameliorates obesity and glucose intolerance induced by high fat diet in adult C57BL/6J mice.
Biologically active, high levels of interleukin-22 inhibit hepatic gluconeogenesis but do not affect obesity and its metabolic consequences.
Small Molecule Kaempferol Promotes Insulin Sensitivity and Preserved Pancreatic β -Cell Mass in Middle-Aged Obese Diabetic Mice.
The Difference in Nutrient Intakes between Chinese and Mediterranean, Japanese and American Diets.
Bardoxolone Methyl Prevents Fat Deposition and Inflammation in Brown Adipose Tissue and Enhances Sympathetic Activity in Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Black Currant Anthocyanins Attenuate Weight Gain and Improve Glucose Metabolism in Diet-Induced Obese Mice with Intact, but Not Disrupted, Gut Microbiome.
Effects of high-fat diet exposure on learning &amp; memory.
Assessment of Nutritional Adequacy of Packaged Gluten-free Food Products.
A Nutrition Screening Form for Female Infertility Patients.
The genetic architecture of NAFLD among inbred strains of mice.
Dietary Sodium Suppresses Digestive Efficiency via the Renin-Angiotensin System.
A role for whey-derived lactoferrin and immunoglobulins in the attenuation of obesity-related inflammation and disease.
The Effects of a High Fat Diet Containing Diacylglycerol on Bone in C57BL/6J Mice.
Glycogen synthase kinase 3β inhibition enhanced proliferation, migration and functional re-endothelialization of endothelial progenitor cells in hypercholesterolemia microenvironment.
Npvf: Hypothalamic Biomarker of Ambient Temperature Independent of Nutritional Status.
Comparative effects of hawthorn (Crataegus pinnatifida Bunge) pectin and pectin hydrolyzates on the cholesterol homeostasis of hamsters fed high-cholesterol diets.
Astrocyte Elevated Gene-1 (AEG-1) Regulates Lipid Homeostasis.
The Epoxyeicosatrienoic Acid Pathway Enhances Hepatic Insulin Signaling and is Repressed in Insulin-Resistant Mouse Liver.
High-fat diet increases autophagic flux in pancreatic beta cells in vivo and ex vivo in mice.
Novel Mitochondrial Cationic Uncoupler C4R1 Is an Effective Treatment for Combating Obesity in Mice.
Strategies, models and biomarkers in experimental non-alcoholic fatty liver disease research.
A sexually dimorphic hypothalamic response to chronic high-fat diet consumption.
Coptisine attenuates obesity-related inflammation through LPS/TLR-4-mediated signaling pathway in Syrian golden hamsters.
A global transcriptional analysis of Megalobrama amblycephala revealing the molecular determinants of diet-induced hepatic steatosis.
High fat diet induced changes in gastric vagal afferent response to adiponectin.
Feeding fat from distillers dried grains with solubles to dairy heifers: I. Effects on growth performance and total-tract digestibility of nutrients.
Replacing dietary soybean meal with canola meal improves production and efficiency of lactating dairy cows.
Short communication: Feeding fat from distillers dried grains with solubles to dairy heifers: III. Effects on posttrial reproductive and lactation performance.
Feeding fat from distillers dried grains with solubles to dairy heifers: II. Effects on metabolic profile.
Effects of Astragaloside IV on the SDF-1/CXCR4 Expression in Atherosclerosis of apoE(-/-) Mice Induced by Hyperlipaemia.
Ammonia-lowering activities and carbamoyl phosphate synthetase 1 (Cps1) induction mechanism of a natural flavonoid.
Investigation of the mechanism underlying the antihypertensive effect of catheter-based radiofrequency renal sympathetic denervation in hypertensive dogs.
Metformin Ameliorates Podocyte Damage by Restoring Renal Tissue Podocalyxin Expression in Type 2 Diabetic Rats.
An Acetate-Specific GPCR, FFAR2, Regulates Insulin Secretion.
Corrections: High-Fat Diet-Induced Insulin Resistance does not Increase Plasma Anandamide Levels or Potentiate Anandamide Insulinotropic Effect in Isolated Canine Islets.
Anti-HMGB1 antibody reduces weight gain in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Diet-induced obesity impairs hypothalamic glucose sensing but not glucose hypothalamic extracellular levels, as measured by microdialysis.
Effects of between generations changes in nutrition type on vaginal smear and serum lipids in Sprague-Dawley rats.
Apoptotic cells trigger a membrane-initiated pathway to increase ABCA1.
The activin-βA/BMP-2 chimera AB204 is a strong stimulator of adipogenesis.
Analysis of electrocorticographic patterns in rats fed standard or hyperlipidic diets in a normal state or during status epilepticus.
Cardiac metabolic alterations in hypertensive obese pigs.
Troxerutin reverses fibrotic changes in the myocardium of high-fat high-fructose diet-fed mice.
Progression of non-alcoholic steatosis to steatohepatitis and fibrosis parallels cumulative accumulation of danger signals that promote inflammation and liver tumors in a high fat-cholesterol-sugar diet model in mice.
Homoarginine supplementation improves blood glucose in diet-induced obese mice.
DJ-1 links muscle ROS production with metabolic reprogramming and systemic energy homeostasis in mice.
FTO-dependent function of N6-methyladenosine is involved in the hepatoprotective effects of betaine on adolescent mice.
Diet-induced obesity exacerbates metabolic and behavioral effects of polycystic ovary syndrome in a rodent model.
Low physical activity and energy dense Malaysian foods are associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in centrally obese but not in non-centrally obese patients with diabetes mellitus.
Rimonabant Improves Oxidative/Nitrosative Stress in Mice with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Mouse handling limits the impact of stress on metabolic endpoints.
n-3 Polyunsaturated fatty acids protect against pancreatic β-cell damage due to ER stress and prevent diabetes development.
Protective effects of metformin on reproductive function in obese male rats induced by high-fat diet.
Genetic and Environmental Factors in Age-Related Hearing Impairment.
Orexin-A and Endocannabinoid Activation of the Descending Antinociceptive Pathway Underlies Altered Pain Perception in Leptin Signaling Deficiency.
Consumption of sucrose-sweetened soft drinks increases plasma levels of uric acid in overweight and obese subjects: a 6-month randomised controlled trial.
Prevalence of diet-related risk factors for chronic disease in male prisoners in a high secure prison.
Effect of high fat diet on artificial oocyte activation following superovulation in mice.
[Association between peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor and gene-gene interactions with the apolipoprotein A I/apolipoprotein B100 ratio].
Dietary factors and luteal phase deficiency in healthy eumenorrheic women.
Diacylglycerol Lipase α Knockout Mice Demonstrate Metabolic and Behavioral Phenotypes Similar to Those of Cannabinoid Receptor 1 Knockout Mice.
Dietary Patterns of Young Females and Their Association With Waist Circumference as a Health Index in Northwest of Iran, 2007.
The dietary profile of socially vulnerable participants in health promotion programs in a brazilian metropolis.
Trefoil Factor 3 (TFF3) Is Regulated by Food Intake, Improves Glucose Tolerance and Induces Mucinous Metaplasia.
The Ketogenic Diet Alters the Hypoxic Response and Affects Expression of Proteins Associated with Angiogenesis, Invasive Potential and Vascular Permeability in a Mouse Glioma Model.
Hypolipidemic effects of nimesulide and celecoxib in experimentally induced hypercholesterolemia in rabbits.
Maternal Dietary Patterns during the Second Trimester Are Associated with Preterm Birth.
Selective overexpression of Toll-like receptor-4 in skeletal muscle impairs metabolic adaptation to high-fat feeding.
Structure-Based Optimization and Biological Evaluation of Pancreatic Lipase Inhibitors as Novel Potential Antiobesity Agents.
Interaction between BMI and APOE genotype is associated with changes in the plasma long-chain-PUFA response to a fish-oil supplement in healthy participants.
In vivo cardiac glucose metabolism in the high-fat fed mouse: Comparison of euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp derived measures of glucose uptake with a dynamic metabolomic flux profiling approach.
Western diet-induced anxiolytic effects in mice are associated with alterations in tryptophan metabolism.
Feeding a High Concentrate Diet Down-Regulates Expression of ACACA, LPL and SCD and Modifies Milk Composition in Lactating Goats.
Lifestyle habits and obesity progression in overweight and obese American young adults: Lessons for promoting cardiometabolic health.
Design, Synthesis, and Therapeutic Evaluation of Poly(acrylic acid)-tetraDOCA Conjugate as a Bile Acid Transporter Inhibitor.
A novel benzenediamine derivative FC98 reduces insulin resistance in high fat diet-induced obese mice by suppression of metaflammation.
Analysis of Low Frequency Protein Truncating Stop-Codon Variants and Fasting Concentration of Growth Hormone.
Dan-Qi prescription ameliorates insulin resistance through overall corrective regulation of glucose and fat metabolism.
[Protective effect of arctigenin in GK rats combined with hypertension macroangiopathy].
Is Lipase Supplementation before a High Fat Meal Helpful to Patients with Functional Dyspepsia?
Association between dietary pattern and risk of cardiovascular disease among adults in the Middle East and North Africa region: a systematic review.
D-Xylose suppresses adipogenesis and regulates lipid metabolism genes in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Regulatory B cell-specific interleukin-10 is dispensable for atherosclerosis development in mice.
Combined parental obesity negatively impacts preimplantation mouse embryo development, kinetics, morphology and metabolism.
Feeding rainbow trout with a lipid-enriched diet: effects on fatty acid sensing, regulation of food intake and cellular signaling pathways.
Oral administration of Bifidobacterium breve B-3 modifies metabolic functions in adults with obese tendencies in a randomised controlled trial.
Dietary fat and carbohydrate have different effects on body weight, energy expenditure, glucose homeostasis and behaviour in adult cats fed to energy requirement.
Body composition and behaviour in adult rats are influenced by maternal diet, maternal age and high-fat feeding.
Hypocholesterolaemic effect of rat-administered oral doses of the isolated 7S globulins from cowpeas and adzuki beans.
Histologic and Metabolic Derangement in High-Fat, High-Fructose, and Combination Diet Animal Models.
Ghrelin agonist does not foster insulin resistance but improves cognition in an Alzheimer's disease mouse model.
Diets high in corn oil or extra-virgin olive oil differentially modify the gene expression profile of the mammary gland and influence experimental breast cancer susceptibility.
Baccaurea angulata fruit inhibits lipid peroxidation and induces the increase in antioxidant enzyme activities.
Interleukin-33 and Interferon-γ Counter-Regulate Group 2 Innate Lymphoid Cell Activation during Immune Perturbation.
Genetic variability to diet-induced hippocampal dysfunction in BXD recombinant inbred (RI) mouse strains.
Splenic autonomic denervation increases inflammatory status but does not aggravate atherosclerotic lesion development.
Regional variation in arterial stiffening and dysfunction in Western diet-induced obesity.
Maternal high-fat diet is associated with impaired fetal lung development.
Relationships between n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake, serum 25 hydroxyvitamin D, food consumption, and nutritional status among adolescents.
Dietary fish oil supplements depress milk fat yield and alter milk fatty acid composition in lactating cows fed grass silage-based diets.
Maternal high-fat diet during lactation increases Kiss1 mRNA expression in the arcuate nucleus at weaning and advances puberty onset in female rats.
Mild alcohol intake exacerbates metabolic syndrome in rodents: a putative role of GSK-3β.
Myosin light chain kinase inhibitor ML7 improves vascular endothelial dysfunction via tight junction regulation in a rabbit model of atherosclerosis.
Lovastatin Differentially Affects Neuronal Cholesterol and Amyloid-β Production in vivo and in vitro.
Intermittent-access binge consumption of sweet high-fat liquid does not require opioid or dopamine receptors in the nucleus accumbens.
Protection from diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance in mice lacking CCL19-CCR7 signaling.
Hematopoietic androgen receptor deficiency promotes visceral fat deposition in male mice without impairing glucose homeostasis.
High-Fat Diet Alters the Orosensory Sensitivity to Fatty Acids in Obesity-Resistant but not Obesity-Prone Rats.
High-fat diet feeding significantly attenuates anagliptin-induced regeneration of islets of Langerhans in streptozotocin-induced diabetic mice.
Intestinal mucosal barrier dysfunction participates in the progress of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Selection of reference genes for expression analyses in liver of rats with impaired glucose metabolism.
Rapid and selective manipulation of milk fatty acid composition in mice through the maternal diet during lactation.
The role of iNOS in cholesterol-induced liver fibrosis.
Imaging of Intracellular and Extracellular ROS Levels in Atherosclerotic Mouse Aortas Ex Vivo: Effects of Lipid Lowering by Diet or Atorvastatin.
Metabolic Syndrome Is Associated with Increased Oxo-Nitrative Stress and Asthma-Like Changes in Lungs.
X-ray structure of a mammalian stearoyl-CoA desaturase.
Anti-hyperlipidemic activity of an extract from roots and rhizomes of Panicum repens L. on high cholesterol diet-induced hyperlipidemia in rats.
A Difference in Fatty Acid Composition of Isocaloric High-Fat Diets Alters Metabolic Flexibility in Male C57BL/6JOlaHsd Mice.
Overexpression of protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B impairs glucose-stimulated insulin secretion in INS-1 cells.
Treatment of obesity and pulmonary arterial hypertension with inhibitors of the prostaglandin transporter: evaluation of patent WO2014/204895A1.
PI3K-C2γ is a Rab5 effector selectively controlling endosomal Akt2 activation downstream of insulin signalling.
Effects of co-administration of 2-arachidonylglycerol (2-AG) and a selective µ-opioid receptor agonist into the nucleus accumbens on high-fat feeding behaviors in the rat.
Insulin Resistance Prevents AMPK-induced Tau Dephosphorylation through Akt-mediated Increase in AMPKSer-485 Phosphorylation.
A metabolic stress-inducible miR-34a-HNF4α pathway regulates lipid and lipoprotein metabolism.
Ginger extract prevents high-fat diet-induced obesity in mice via activation of the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor δ pathway.
Consumption of Argan Oil Improves Anti-Oxidant and Lipid Status in Hemodialysis Patients.
Unmanipulated native fat exposed to high-energy diet, but not autologous grafted fat by itself, may lead to overexpression of Ki67 and PAI-1.
Effect of tetrahydrocurcumin on the profiles of drug-metabolizing enzymes induced by a high fat and high fructose diet in mice.
Ganoderma lucidum reduces obesity in mice by modulating the composition of the gut microbiota.
Effects of β(3)-adrenoceptor activation on expression of pancreatic adrenoceptors and angiotensin II receptors in ApoE(-/-) mice.
7D.04: ACUTE SALT LOADING AFFECTS VASCULAR FUNCTION WITHOUT SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN BODY FLUID STATUS AND BODY COMPOSITION IN YOUNG HEALTHY WOMEN.
7D.05: MATERNAL OBESITY ATTENUATES THE ANTI-CONTRACTILE EFFECT OF PERIVASCULAR ADIPOSE TISSUE IN OFFSPRING.
1C.07: PRONEUROTENSIN INDEPENDENTLY PREDICTS CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE. THE MALMÖ PREVENTIVE PROJECT.
7A.06: MATERNAL OBESITY AND THE DEVELOPMENTAL PROGRAMMING OF HYPERTENSION: ALTERED LEPTIN SIGNALLING PATHWAY IN THE CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM.
7A.08: EXPERIMENTAL STUDY TO EVALUATE THE EFFECT OF A PEPSIN EGG WHITE HYDROLYSATE ON CARDIOMETABOLIC COMPLICATIONS IN DIET INDUCED OBESE RATS.
Aerobic exercise training increases nitrergic innervation function and decreases sympathetic innervation function in mesenteric artery from rats fed a high-fat diet.
Resveratrol derivative-rich melinjo (Gnetum gnemon L.) seed extract improves obesity and survival of C57BL/6 mice fed a high-fat diet.
Early and Long-term Undernutrition in Female Rats Exacerbates the Metabolic Risk Associated with Nutritional Rehabilitation.
BAIBA attenuates insulin resistance and inflammation induced by palmitate or a high fat diet via an AMPK-PPARδ-dependent pathway in mice.
Fatty acid-binding protein 5 limits the anti-inflammatory response in murine macrophages.
Comment on Vandal et al. Insulin Reverses the High-Fat Diet-Induced Increase in Brain Aβ and Improves Memory in an Animal Model of Alzheimer Disease. Diabetes 2014;63:4291-4301.
Response to Comment on Vandal et al. Insulin Reverses the High-Fat Diet-Induced Increase in Brain Aβ and Improves Memory in an Animal Model of Alzheimer Disease. Diabetes 2014;63:4291-4301.
Regulation of hypothalamic neuropeptides gene expression in diet induced obesity resistant rats: possible targets for obesity prediction?
Partial Reversal of Obesity-Induced Insulin Resistance Owing to Anti-Inflammatory Immunomodulatory Potential of Flaxseed Oil.
Saturated and Unsaturated Fatty Acids Differently Modulate Colonic Goblet Cells In Vitro and in Rat Pups.
Dietary Supplementation with Raspberry Seed Oil Modulates Liver Functions, Inflammatory State, and Lipid Metabolism in Rats.
Pancreatic alpha-cells from female mice undergo morphofunctional changes during compensatory adaptations of the endocrine pancreas to diet-induced obesity.
Amelioration of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease by hepatic stimulator substance via preservation of carnitine palmitoyl transferase-1 activity.
Globular adiponectin ameliorates metabolic insulin resistance via AMPK-mediated restoration of microvascular insulin responses.
Calebin-A inhibits adipogenesis and hepatic steatosis in high-fat diet-induced obesity via activation of AMPK signaling.
Ursodeoxycholyl Lysophosphatidylethanolamide modifies aberrant lipid profiles in NAFLD.
Glomerulosclerosis in the diet-induced obesity model correlates with sensitivity to nitric oxide inhibition but not glomerular hyperfiltration or hypertrophy.
Skeletal muscle interleukin-6 regulates metabolic factors in iWAT during HFD and exercise training.
Protective role of Kalpaamruthaa in type II diabetes mellitus-induced cardiovascular disease through the modulation of protease-activated receptor-1.
Neuroimaging and neuromodulation approaches to study eating behavior and prevent and treat eating disorders and obesity.
Dietary fatty acids: Friends or foes?
Potential implications of dose and diet for the effects of cocoa flavanols on cardiometabolic function.
Nutrient Needs for Catch-Up Growth in Low-Birthweight Infants.
Improved intervention of atherosclerosis and cardiac hypertrophy through biodegradable polymer-encapsulated delivery of glycosphingolipid inhibitor.
Ketogenic diet does not impair spatial ability controlled by the hippocampus in male rats.
Foamy monocytes form early and contribute to nascent atherosclerosis in mice with hypercholesterolemia.
A group randomized controlled trial integrating obesity prevention and control for postpartum adolescents in a home visiting program.
Food security and nutrition in the Russian Federation - a health policy analysis.
High-intensity interval training without weight loss improves exercise but not basal or insulin-induced metabolism in overweight/obese African American women.
Lipid-induced Muscle Insulin Resistance Is Mediated by GGPPS via Modulation of the RhoA/Rho Kinase Signaling Pathway.
Nutrient Intakes of Pregnant Women and their Associated Factors in Eight Cities of China: A Cross-sectional Study.
Foxc2 enhances proliferation and inhibits apoptosis through activating Akt/mTORC1 signaling pathway in mouse preadipocytes.
Insufficient glucose supply is linked to hypothermia upon cold exposure in high-fat diet-fed mice lacking PEMT.
Nutrition Management of Cystic Fibrosis in the 21st Century.
A nude mouse model of obesity to study the mechanisms of resistance to aromatase inhibitors.
Contrasting association of circulating sCD14 with insulin sensitivity in non-obese and morbidly obese subjects.
Caffeine ameliorates high energy diet-induced hepatic steatosis: sirtuin 3 acts as a bridge in the lipid metabolism pathway.
Effects of fat-enriched diet and methionine on insulin sensitivity in lactating cows.
Regression analysis to predict growth performance from dietary net energy in growing-finishing pigs.
The effects of dietary verbascoside on blood and liver oxidative stress status induced by a high n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids diet in piglets.
Xylanase increased the ileal digestibility of nonstarch polysaccharides and concentration of low molecular weight nondigestible carbohydrates in pigs fed high levels of wheat distillers dried grains with solubles.
Leucine supplementation improves leptin sensitivity in high-fat diet fed rats.
Lipidomic fatty acid profile and global gene expression pattern in mammary gland of rats that were exposed to lard-based high fat diet during fetal and lactation periods associated to breast cancer risk in adulthood.
Lactobionic acid reduces body weight gain in diet-induced obese rats by targeted inhibition of galectin-1.
Accumulating exercise and postprandial health in adolescents.
Level of energy restriction alters body condition score and morphometric profile in obese Shetland ponies.
Short communication: localization and expression of monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 in different subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissues of early-lactating dairy cows.
[Endoplasmic reticulum stress promotes the apoptosis of testicular germ cells in hyperlipidemic rats].
[ADVANTAGES OF CALIPEROMETRIC ASSESSMENT METHODS OF FAT DEPOSITION IN CHILDREN].
[Pandanus tectorius derived caffeoylquinic acids inhibit lipid accumulation in HepG2 hepatoma cells through regulation of gene expression involved in lipid metabolism].
Obesity and Cardiovascular Diseases in a High-Risk Population: Evidence-Based Approach to CHD Risk Reduction.
Cidea improves the metabolic profile through expansion of adipose tissue.
The novel NADPH oxidase 4 inhibitor GLX351322 counteracts glucose intolerance in high-fat diet-treated C57BL/6 mice.
Consumption of polyunsaturated fat improves the saturated fatty acid-mediated impairment of HDL antioxidant potential.
Relationship of three different types of low-carbohydrate diet to cardiometabolic risk factors in a Japanese population: the INTERMAP/INTERLIPID Study.
Hydrogen-sulfide-mediated vasodilatory effect of nucleoside 5'-monophosphorothioates in perivascular adipose tissue.
[18F]FDG Accumulation in Early Coronary Atherosclerotic Lesions in Pigs.
Proteomic Identification of Target Proteins of Thiodigalactoside in White Adipose Tissue from Diet-Induced Obese Rats.
Flow-dependent expression of ectonucleotide tri(di)phosphohydrolase-1 and suppression of atherosclerosis.
Effects of insulin therapy on weight gain and fat distribution in the HF/HS-STZ rat model of type 2 diabetes.
Mice that are resistant to diet-induced weight loss have greater food anticipatory activity and altered melanocortin-3 receptor (MC3R) and dopamine receptor 2 (D2) gene expression.
Inhibition of microRNA-214 ameliorates hepatic fibrosis and tumor incidence in platelet-derived growth factor C transgenic mice.
p66Shc deletion or deficiency protects from obesity but not metabolic dysfunction in mice and humans.
Voluntary exercise contributed to an amelioration of abnormal feeding behavior, locomotor activity and ghrelin production concomitantly with a weight reduction in high fat diet-induced obese rats.
Australia's nutrition transition 1961-2009: a focus on fats.
The frog skin host-defense peptide CPF-SE1 improves glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity and islet function and decreases plasma lipids in high-fat fed mice.
High-fat diet and FGF21 cooperatively promote aerobic thermogenesis in mtDNA mutator mice.
High-fat Diet Enhances and Plasminogen Activator Inhibitor-1 Deficiency Attenuates Bone Loss in Mice with Lewis Lung Carcinoma.
The Effect of Long-Term Intranasal Serotonin Treatment on Metabolic Parameters and Hormonal Signaling in Rats with High-Fat Diet/Low-Dose Streptozotocin-Induced Type 2 Diabetes.
Effect of blockade of neuropeptide Y receptor on aortic intima-media thickness and adipose tissue characteristics in normal and obese mice.
The reduction of aorta histopathological images through inhibition of reactive oxygen species formation in hypercholesterolemia rattus norvegicus treated with polysaccharide peptide of Ganoderma lucidum.
Vibration Training Triggers Brown Adipocyte Relative Protein Expression in Rat White Adipose Tissue.
Effect of Xin Mai Jia on atherosclerosis in rats.
Effects of Dietary Energy Sources on Post Mortem Glycolysis, Meat Quality and Muscle Fibre Type Transformation of Finishing Pigs.
Obesity Exacerbates Rat Cerebral Ischemic Injury through Enhancing Ischemic Adiponectin-Containing Neuronal Apoptosis.
Antibiotic-induced imbalances in gut microbiota aggravates cholesterol accumulation and liver injuries in rats fed a high-cholesterol diet.
D-Fagomine attenuates metabolic alterations induced by a high-energy-dense diet in rats.
Effects of Jiangya Xiaoke prescription on TGF-β1 in diabetic nephropathy rats with hypertension and its mechanisms.
Simvastatin ameliorates low-dose streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetic nephropathy in an experimental rat model.
Expression of microRNAs differed in the omental adipose tissue of obese rats.
The impact of early growth patterns and infant feeding on body composition at 3 years of age.
Propolis and swimming in the prevention of atherogenesis and left ventricular hypertrophy in hypercholesterolemic mice.
A randomized pilot study of dietary treatments for polycystic ovary syndrome in adolescents.
High-Fat, High-Calorie Diet Enhances Mammary Carcinogenesis and Local Inflammation in MMTV-PyMT Mouse Model of Breast Cancer.
Influence of high dose of phytase and an emulsifier on performance, apparent metabolisable energy and nitrogen retention in broilers fed on diets containing soy oil or tallow.
Effect of Stay-Green Wheat, a Novel Variety of Wheat in China, on Glucose and Lipid Metabolism in High-Fat Diet Induced Type 2 Diabetic Rats.
Beneficial Effects of Red Yeast Rice on High-Fat Diet-Induced Obesity, Hyperlipidemia, and Fatty Liver in Mice.
Protein-energy malnutrition at mid-adulthood does not imprint long-term metabolic consequences in male rats.
Bee's honey attenuates non-alcoholic steatohepatitis-induced hepatic injury through the regulation of thioredoxin-interacting protein-NLRP3 inflammasome pathway.
Use of re-esterified palm oils, differing in their acylglycerol structure, in fattening pig diets.
Treatment with PPARδ agonist alleviates non-alcoholic fatty liver disease by modulating glucose and fatty acid metabolic enzymes in a rat model.
Taurine supplementation preserves hypothalamic leptin action in normal and protein-restricted mice fed on a high-fat diet.
Anti-Obesity Effects of the Mixture of Eriobotrya japonica and Nelumbo nucifera in Adipocytes and High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
[Effects of telmisartan on resistin expression in a rat model of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis and insulin resistance].
Farnesoid X receptor inhibits glucagon-like peptide-1 production by enteroendocrine L cells.
A novel mice model of metabolic syndrome: the high-fat-high-fructose diet-fed ICR mice.
RGC-32 Deficiency Protects against Hepatic Steatosis by Reducing Lipogenesis.
Metabonomic Profiling Reveals Cancer Chemopreventive Effects of American Ginseng on Colon Carcinogenesis in Apc(Min/+) Mice.
Gender-specific differences in the development of sarcopenia in the rodent model of the ageing high-fat rat.
Can insulin signaling pathways be targeted to transport Aβ out of the brain?
Molecular and immunohistochemical effects of metformin in a rat model of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effects of high-fat diet on 1,2-dimethylhydrazine-induced aberrant crypt foci and colorectal tumours in rats.
[Effect of different dietary fat intake on blood lipids, body fat, adiponectin and leptin on energy balance status in rats].
[Effect of MDG-1, a polysaccharide from Ophiopogon japonicas, on diversity of lactobacillus in diet-induced obese mice].
[I10W]tigerinin-1R enhances both insulin sensitivity and pancreatic beta cell function and decreases adiposity and plasma triglycerides in high-fat mice.
Intestinal scavenger receptor class B type I as a novel regulator of chylomicron production in healthy and diet-induced obese states.
Fructose content of low calorie diets: effect on cardiometabolic risk factors in obese women with polycystic ovarian syndrome: a randomized controlled trial.
Anti-obesity and cardioprotective effects of cinnamic acid in high fat diet- induced obese rats.
Altered distribution of regulatory lymphocytes by oral administration of soy-extracts exerts a hepatoprotective effect alleviating immune mediated liver injury, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and insulin resistance.
A novel insulinotropic mechanism of whole grain-derived γ-oryzanol via the suppression of local dopamine D<sub>2</sub> receptor signalling in mouse islet.
Mitochondrial fusion/fission process involved in the improvement of catalpol on high glucose-induced hepatic mitochondrial dysfunction.
Effect of aerobic exercise training followed by a low-calorie diet on metabolic syndrome risk factors in men.
Fucoxanthin and lipid metabolism: A minireview.
Isomeric effects of anti-diabetic α-lipoic acid with γ-cyclodextrin.
A high fat diet containing saturated but not unsaturated fatty acids enhances T cell receptor clustering on the nanoscale.
Identification of Mest/Peg1 gene expression as a predictive biomarker of adipose tissue expansion sensitive to dietary anti-obesity interventions.
Lactobacillus paracasei Induces M2-Dominant Kupffer Cell Polarization in a Mouse Model of Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis.
Maternal high-fat diet acts as a stressor increasing maternal glucocorticoids' signaling to the fetus and disrupting maternal behavior and brain activation in C57BL/6J mice.
High fructose consumption in pregnancy alters the perinatal environment without increasing metabolic disease in the offspring.
Green Synthesis of Oxovanadium(IV)/chitosan Nanocomposites and Its Ameliorative Effect on Hyperglycemia, Insulin Resistance, and Oxidative Stress.
Influence of high fat diet and resveratrol supplementation on placental fatty acid uptake in the Japanese macaque.
High fat diet impairs the function of glucagon-like peptide-1 producing L-cells.
A Comparative Study of the Metabolic and Skeletal Response of C57BL/6J and C57BL/6N Mice in a Diet-Induced Model of Type 2 Diabetes.
Cymene and Metformin treatment effect on biochemical parameters of male NMRI mice fed with high fat diet.
Perilipin-2 Modulates Lipid Absorption and Microbiome Responses in the Mouse Intestine.
Chronic peroxisome proliferator-activated receptorβ/δ agonist GW0742 prevents hypertension, vascular inflammatory and oxidative status, and endothelial dysfunction in diet-induced obesity.
Expression of Human DNAJ (Heat Shock Protein-40) B3 in Humanized UDP-glucuronosyltransferase 1 Mice.
Variability in the routing of dietary proteins and lipids to consumer tissues influences tissue-specific isotopic discrimination.
Glucagon-like peptide-1 preserves non-alcoholic fatty liver disease through inhibition of the endoplasmic reticulum stress-associated pathway.
Oxidized LDL and Fructosamine Associated with Severity of Coronary Artery Atherosclerosis in Insulin Resistant Pigs Fed a High Fat/High NaCl Diet.
Characteristics of Reconstituted Tight Junctions After Corneal Epithelial Wounds and Ultrastructure Alterations of Corneas in Type 2 Diabetic Rats.
Low-energy density and high fiber intake are dietary concerns in female endurance athletes.
Vitamin E reduces adipose tissue fibrosis, inflammation, and oxidative stress and improves metabolic profile in obesity.
Does cooking with vegetable oils increase the risk of chronic diseases?: a systematic review.
Possible adverse effects of frying with vegetable oils.
Fish, a Mediterranean source of n-3 PUFA: benefits do not justify limiting consumption.
Nutrition attributes and health effects of pistachio nuts.
Effects of Estrogen on Insulin Sensitivity and Adipokines in Mice.
Folate receptor expression on murine and human adipose tissue macrophages.
Enhanced flavor-nutrient conditioning in obese rats on a high-fat, high-carbohydrate choice diet.
Chyluria: a scourge of our region.
The role of maternal obesity in the risk of neuropsychiatric disorders.
Dietary saturated fatty acids reduce hepatic lipid accumulation but induce fibrotic change in alcohol-fed rats.
Compensatory Islet Response to Insulin Resistance Revealed by Quantitative Proteomics.
Corn oil versus lard: Metabolic effects of omega-3 fatty acids in mice fed obesogenic diets with different fatty acid composition.
Structural and ultrastructural evaluation of the aortic wall after transplantation of bone marrow-derived cells (BMCs) in a model for atherosclerosis.
A high-sugar and high-fat diet impairs cardiac systolic and diastolic function in mice.
Effects of Arsenite Exposure during Fetal Development on Energy Metabolism and Susceptibility to Diet-Induced Fatty Liver Disease in Male Mice.
Proteome from patients with metabolic syndrome is regulated by quantity and quality of dietary lipids.
IL-7 receptor deletion ameliorates diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance in mice.
Effect of Blocking of Neuropeptide Y Y2 Receptor on Tumor Angiogenesis and Progression in Normal and Diet-Induced Obese C57BL/6 Mice.
Phenotypic Characterization of MIP-CreERT1Lphi Mice With Transgene-Driven Islet Expression of Human Growth Hormone.
Maternal Plane of Nutrition during Late Gestation and Weaning Age Alter Angus × Simmental Offspring Longissimus Muscle Transcriptome and Intramuscular Fat.
The Gut Microbiota Regulates Intestinal CD4 T Cells Expressing RORγt and Controls Metabolic Disease.
Acarbose versus trans-chalcone: comparing the effect of two glycosidase inhibitors on obese mice.
Influence of high-fat diet on gut microbiota: a driving force for chronic disease risk.
The Influence of Seasonal Frugivory on Nutrient and Energy Intake in Wild Western Gorillas.
Suppression of hyperinsulinaemia in growing female mice provides long-term protection against obesity.
Metabolic faecal fingerprinting of trans-resveratrol and quercetin following a high-fat sucrose dietary model using liquid chromatography coupled to high-resolution mass spectrometry.
Consumption Safety of Pastries, Confectioneries, and Potato Products as Related to Fat Content.
Neuropeptide Y genotype, central obesity, and abdominal fat distribution: the POUNDS LOST trial.
Fiber and Saturated Fat Are Associated with Sleep Arousals and Slow Wave Sleep.
N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor coagonist d-serine suppresses intake of high-preference food.
Maternal High-Fat Diet Causes a Sex-Dependent Increase in AGTR2 Expression and Cardiac Dysfunction in Adult Male Rat Offspring.
Magnolia bioactive constituent 4-O-methylhonokiol prevents the impairment of cardiac insulin signaling and the cardiac pathogenesis in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Lipid-rich diet enhances L-cell density in obese subjects and in mice through improved L-cell differentiation.
Mice that gorged during dietary restriction increased foraging related behaviors and differed in their macronutrient preference when released from restriction.
Effect of 5-caffeoylquinic acid on the NF-κB signaling pathway, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma 2, and macrophage infiltration in high-fat diet-fed Sprague-Dawley rat adipose tissue.
Spice MyPlate: Nutrition Education Focusing Upon Spices and Herbs Improved Diet Quality and Attitudes Among Urban High School Students.
Diet/Energy Balance Affect Sleep and Wakefulness Independent of Body Weight.
Insulin Resistance as Common Molecular Denominator Linking Obesity to Alzheimer's Disease.
mTORC1 signaling in Agrp neurons mediates circadian expression of Agrp and NPY but is dispensable for regulation of feeding behavior.
Low alpha-synuclein levels in the blood are associated with insulin resistance.
Effect of Ginseng (Panax ginseng) Berry EtOAc Fraction on Cognitive Impairment in C57BL/6 Mice under High-Fat Diet Inducement.
Bifidobacterium pseudocatenulatum CECT 7765 Reduces Obesity-Associated Inflammation by Restoring the Lymphocyte-Macrophage Balance and Gut Microbiota Structure in High-Fat Diet-Fed Mice.
Global Transcriptomic Profiling of Cardiac Hypertrophy and Fatty Heart Induced by Long-Term High-Energy Diet in Bama Miniature Pigs.
Cyclin Y Is Involved in the Regulation of Adipogenesis and Lipid Production.
TLR4 antagonist attenuates atherogenesis in LDL receptor-deficient mice with diet-induced type 2 diabetes.
Cellular repressor of E1A-stimulated genes inhibits inflammation to decrease atherosclerosis in ApoE(-/-) mice.
L-Carnitine enhances exercise endurance capacity by promoting muscle oxidative metabolism in mice.
European Code against Cancer 4th Edition: Diet and cancer.
Dysregulated miR-103 and miR-143 expression in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from induced prediabetes and type 2 diabetes rats.
Pappa2 deletion alters IGFBPs but has little effect on glucose disposal or adiposity.
Hepatic glutathione contributes to attenuation of thioacetamide-induced hepatic necrosis due to suppression of oxidative stress in diet-induced obese mice.
Novel quercetin-3-O-glucoside eicosapentaenoic acid ester ameliorates inflammation and hyperlipidemia.
Effects of a high-protein/low carbohydrate versus a standard hypocaloric diet on adipocytokine levels and insulin resistance in obese patients along 9 months.
Deficiency of programmed cell death 4 results in increased IL-10 expression by macrophages and thereby attenuates atherosclerosis in hyperlipidemic mice.
Antihyperlipidemic activity of chickpea sprouts supplementation in ovariectomy-induced dyslipidemia in rats.
Berberine inhibits hepatic gluconeogenesis via the LKB1-AMPK-TORC2 signaling pathway in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Lower body adipose tissue removal decreases glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity in mice with exposure to high fat diet.
Regulatory role of CD40 in obesity-induced insulin resistance.
Insights into an adipocyte whitening program.
The role of visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissue fatty acid composition in liver pathophysiology associated with NAFLD.
Injecting engineered anti-inflammatory macrophages therapeutically induces white adipose tissue browning and improves diet-induced insulin resistance.
Acute induction of uncoupling protein 1 by citrulline in cultured explants of white adipose tissue from lean and high-fat-diet-fed rats.
M1-M2 balancing act in white adipose tissue browning - a new role for RIP140.
A review on factors influencing bioaccessibility and bioefficacy of carotenoids.
Wedelolactone Regulates Lipid Metabolism and Improves Hepatic Steatosis Partly by AMPK Activation and Up-Regulation of Expression of PPARα/LPL and LDLR.
Tissue Inhibitor Of Matrix Metalloproteinase-1 Is Required for High-Fat Diet-Induced Glucose Intolerance and Hepatic Steatosis in Mice.
Nicotinamide N-methyltransferase regulates hepatic nutrient metabolism through Sirt1 protein stabilization.
Piecewise Pulse Wave Imaging (pPWI) for Detection and Monitoring of Focal Vascular Disease in Murine Aortas and Carotids In Vivo.
Diets rich in fructose, fat or fructose and fat alter intestinal barrier function and lead to the development of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease over time.
Epidemics of overweight and obesity among growing childhood in China between 1997 and 2009: Impact of Family Income, Dietary Intake, and Physical Activity Dynamics.
Diet-induced pre-diabetes slows cardiac conductance and promotes arrhythmogenesis.
Endothelial NADPH oxidase 4 protects ApoE-/- mice from atherosclerotic lesions.
Influence of diet, vitamin, tea, trace elements and exogenous antioxidants on arsenic metabolism and toxicity.
Improvement of thoracic aortic vasoreactivity by continuous and intermittent exercise in high-fat diet-induced obese rats.
Saroglitazar, a novel PPARα/γ agonist with predominant PPARα activity, shows lipid-lowering and insulin-sensitizing effects in preclinical models.
Protective Effects of Tamarillo (Cyphomandra betacea) Extract against High Fat Diet Induced Obesity in Sprague-Dawley Rats.
Lipid transport in cholecystokinin knockout mice.
Dampened Mesolimbic Dopamine Function and Signaling by Saturated but not Monounsaturated Dietary Lipids.
Supplementation with long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) to breastfeeding mothers for improving child growth and development.
The Role of Lifestyle and Psycho-Social Factors in Predicting Changes in Body Composition in Black South African Women.
Novel role of TLR4 in NAFLD development: Modulation of metabolic enzymes expression.
Deletion of nuclear factor-κB p50 upregulates fatty acid utilization and contributes to an anti-obesity and high-endurance phenotype in mice.
Diet induced obesity in rats reduces NHE3 and Na(+) /K(+) -ATPase expression in the kidney.
Effects of Lonicera japonica Thunb. on Type 2 Diabetes via PPAR-γ Activation in Rats.
Protective activity ethanol extract of the fruits of Illicium verum against atherogenesis in apolipoprotein E knockout mice.
Fat and Sucrose Intake Induces Obesity-Related Bone Metabolism Disturbances: Kinetic and Reversibility Studies in Growing and Adult Rats.
Energy management in crowned sifakas (Propithecus coronatus) and the timing of reproduction in a seasonal environment.
Metabolic and structural bone disturbances induced by hyperlipidic diet in mice treated with simvastatin.
Dairy products, yogurt consumption, and cardiometabolic risk in children and adolescents.
Detection of Myocardial Metabolic Abnormalities by 18F-FDG PET/CT and Corresponding Pathological Changes in Beagles with Local Heart Irradiation.
Association of high dietary saturated fat intake and uncontrolled diabetes with constipation: evidence from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
Effects of a High Fat Diet and Voluntary Wheel Running Exercise on Cidea and Cidec Expression in Liver and Adipose Tissue of Mice.
Changes in Dietary Fat Content Rapidly Alters the Mouse Plasma Coagulation Profile without Affecting Relative Transcript Levels of Coagulation Factors.
Associations of Low-Intensity Resistance Training with Body Composition and Lipid Profile in Obese Patients with Type 2 Diabetes.
Lymphatic Function Regulates Contact Hypersensitivity Dermatitis in Obesity.
Type-2 diabetes: Current understanding and future perspectives.
Phytosterols, Lipid Administration, and Liver Disease During Parenteral Nutrition.
Green Tea Polyphenols Attenuate High-Fat Diet-Induced Renal Oxidative Stress through SIRT3-Dependent Deacetylation.
Metabolic epistasis among apoptosis-inducing factor and the mitochondrial import factor CHCHD4.
CX3CR1 is a gatekeeper for intestinal barrier integrity in mice: Limiting steatohepatitis by maintaining intestinal homeostasis.
Diets with high-fat cheese, high-fat meat, or carbohydrate on cardiovascular risk markers in overweight postmenopausal women: a randomized crossover trial.
Obesity-induced miR-15b is linked causally to the development of insulin resistance through the repression of the insulin receptor in hepatocytes.
Fenretinide prevents obesity in aged female mice in association with increased retinoid and estrogen signaling.
[Erratum] Effects of glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide receptor knockout and a high-fat diet on cognitive function and hippocampal gene expression in mice.
Oral administration of the Aureobasidium pullulans-derived β-glucan effectively prevents the development of high fat diet-induced fatty liver in mice.
Flaxseed Oil Containing α -Linolenic Acid Ester of Plant Sterol Improved Atherosclerosis in ApoE Deficient Mice.
The Efficacy of Ketogenic Diet and Associated Hypoglycemia as an Adjuvant Therapy for High-Grade Gliomas: A Review of the Literature.
Effects of a High vs Moderate Volume of Aerobic Exercise on Adiposity Outcomes in Postmenopausal Women: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Dietary pattern and risk of hodgkin lymphoma in a population-based case-control study.
Effect of an Acute High Carbohydrate Diet on Body Composition Using DXA in Young Men.
Macronutrient Intake and Inadequacies of Community-Dwelling Older Adults, a Systematic Review.
Hypothyroidism Exacerbates Thrombophilia in Female Rats Fed with a High Fat Diet.
Acute and Chronic Effects of Dietary Lactose in Adult Rats Are not Explained by Residual Intestinal Lactase Activity.
The Healthy Beverage Index Is Associated with Reduced Cardiometabolic Risk in US Adults: A Preliminary Analysis.
Modulation of gut microbiota in rats fed high-fat diets by processing whole-grain barley to barley malt.
Energy Expenditure Responses to Fasting and Overfeeding Identify Phenotypes Associated With Weight Change.
Randomized Controlled Trial Investigating the Effects of a Low-Glycemic Index Diet on Pregnancy Outcomes in Women at High Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: The GI Baby 3 Study.
Lack of soluble fiber drives diet-induced adiposity in mice.
Ameliorative effects of lutein on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in rats.
CD36 expression and lipid metabolism following an oral glucose challenge in South Asians.
Escalation in high fat intake in a binge eating model differentially engages dopamine neurons of the ventral tegmental area and requires ghrelin signaling.
Fat Intake Is Not Linked to Prostate Cancer: A Systematic Review and Dose-Response Meta-Analysis.
Augmented Endothelial-Specific L-Arginine Transport Blunts the Contribution of the Sympathetic Nervous System to Obesity Induced Hypertension in Mice.
Salidroside improves endothelial function and alleviates atherosclerosis by activating a mitochondria-related AMPK/PI3K/Akt/eNOS pathway.
The Role of Aspirin, Vitamin D, Exercise, Diet, Statins, and Metformin in the Prevention and Treatment of Colorectal Cancer.
Serum Amyloid A Facilitates Early Lesion Development in Ldlr-/- Mice.
Tissue-specific vascular remodeling and stiffness associated with metabolic diseases.
Glucocorticoids inhibited hypothalamic target of rapamycin in high fat diet-fed chicks.
Arginase inhibition ameliorates adipose tissue inflammation in mice with diet-induced obesity.
Ondansetron attenuates co-morbid depression and anxiety associated with obesity by inhibiting the biochemical alterations and improving serotonergic neurotransmission.
Chenodeoxycholic acid, an endogenous FXR ligand alters adipokines and reverses insulin resistance.
In utero growth restriction and catch-up adipogenesis after developmental di (2-ethylhexyl) phthalate exposure cause glucose intolerance in adult male rats following a high-fat dietary challenge.
The effect of isoliquiritigenin on learning and memory impairments induced by high-fat diet via inhibiting TNF-α/JNK/IRS signaling.
Bovine serum albumin as the dominant form of dietary protein reduces subcutaneous fat mass, plasma leptin and plasma corticosterone in high fat-fed C57/BL6J mice.
Amelioration of free fatty acid-induced fatty liver by quercetin-3-O-β-D-glucuronide through modulation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-alpha/sterol regulatory element-binding protein-1c signaling.
Does salt have a permissive role in the induction of puberty?
Mechanism of the antiadipogenic-antiobesity effects of a rice hull smoke extract in 3T3-L1 preadipocyte cells and in mice on a high-fat diet.
Modulation of tissue fatty acids by L-carnitine attenuates metabolic syndrome in diet-induced obese rats.
Targeted Induction of Ceramide Degradation Leads to Improved Systemic Metabolism and Reduced Hepatic Steatosis.
High-fat diet induced insulin resistance in pregnant rats through pancreatic pax6 signaling pathway.
Protective effect of salvianolic acid B on NASH rat liver through restoring intestinal mucosal barrier function.
Effects of preventative application of metformin on bile acid metabolism in high fat-fed/streptozotocin-diabetic rats.
Diet-induced obesity in the selenocysteine lyase knockout mouse.
Intake of Sweets, Snacks and Soft Drinks Predicts Weight Gain in Obese Pregnant Women: Detailed Analysis of the Results of a Randomised Controlled Trial.
[Mechanism of expression of the Src family kinases (Fgr, Hck, Lyn) and SSeCKS in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis].
Proinflammatory and Metabolic Changes Facilitate Renal Crystal Deposition in an Obese Mouse Model of Metabolic Syndrome.
The Ketogenic Diet Does Not Affect Growth of Hedgehog Pathway Medulloblastoma in Mice.
Hypothalamic inflammation and gliosis in obesity.
Increased placental nutrient transport in a novel mouse model of maternal obesity with fetal overgrowth.
High Dietary Fat Intake during Lactation Promotes the Development of Social Stress-Induced Obesity in the Offspring of Mice.
High Vegetable Fats Intake Is Associated with High Resting Energy Expenditure in Vegetarians.
Eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acid-enriched high fat diet delays the development of fatty liver in mice.
Fucoidan from sea cucumber Cucumaria frondosa exhibits anti-hyperglycemic effects in insulin resistant mice via activating the PI3K/PKB pathway and GLUT4.
Influence of cafeteria diet and fish oil in pregnancy and lactation on pups' body weight and fatty acid profiles in rats.
Re: Cholesterol-Enriched Diet Disrupts the Blood-Testis Barrier in Rabbits.
Replacing SNAP-25b with SNAP-25a expression results in metabolic disease.
The hypotensive effect of acute and chronic AMP-activated protein kinase activation in normal and hyperlipidemic mice.
Hyperleptinemia During Pregnancy Decreases Adult Weight of Offspring and Is Associated With Increased Offspring Locomotor Activity in Mice.
Impact of Reduced ATGL-Mediated Adipocyte Lipolysis on Obesity-Associated Insulin Resistance and Inflammation in Male Mice.
Pharmacological TLR4 Inhibition Protects against Acute and Chronic Fat-Induced Insulin Resistance in Rats.
LINE-1 methylation levels, a biomarker of weight loss in obese subjects, are influenced by dietary antioxidant capacity.
Extremely rapid increase in fatty acid transport and intramyocellular lipid accumulation but markedly delayed insulin resistance after high fat feeding in rats.
Reversal of diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance by inducible genetic ablation of GRK2.
Quantifying phenotypic flexibility as the response to a high-fat challenge test in different states of metabolic health.
Chronic ethanol exposure combined with high fat diet up-regulates P2X7 receptors that parallels neuroinflammation and neuronal loss in C57BL/6J mice.
Treatment With Metformin Improves Erectile Dysfunction in a Murine Model of Obesity Associated With Insulin Resistance.
When two obese parents are worse than one! Impacts on embryo and fetal development.
High-fat diet caused widespread epigenomic differences on hepatic methylome in rat.
American ginseng significantly reduced the progression of high-fat-diet-enhanced colon carcinogenesis in Apc (Min/+) mice.
Maraviroc modifies gut microbiota composition in a mouse model of obesity: a plausible therapeutic option to prevent metabolic disorders in HIV-infected patients.
Increased Dietary Intake of Saturated Fatty Acid Heptadecanoic Acid (C17:0) Associated with Decreasing Ferritin and Alleviated Metabolic Syndrome in Dolphins.
Metabolic and testicular effects of the long-term administration of different high-fat diets in adult rats.
Soybean Oil Is More Obesogenic and Diabetogenic than Coconut Oil and Fructose in Mouse: Potential Role for the Liver.
In vivo proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy of liver metabolites in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in rats: T2 relaxation times in methylene protons.
Necroptosis is a key pathogenic event in human and experimental murine models of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Irisin inhibits hepatic gluconeogenesis and increases glycogen synthesis via the PI3K/Akt pathway in type 2 diabetic mice and hepatocytes.
Physical meat quality and chemical composition of the Longissimus thoracis of entire and immunocastrated pigs fed varying dietary protein levels with and without ractopamine hydrochloride.
Ferulic acid exerts its antidiabetic effect by modulating insulin-signalling molecules in the liver of high-fat diet and fructose-induced type-2 diabetic adult male rat.
Retinoic acid induces macrophage cholesterol efflux and inhibits atherosclerotic plaque formation in apoE-deficient mice.
Furostanolic saponins from Trigonella foenum-graecum alleviate diet-induced glucose intolerance and hepatic fat accumulation.
Alleviation of high fat diet-induced obesity by oligofructose in gnotobiotic mice is independent of presence of Bifidobacterium longum.
Para-Tyrosine Supplementation Improves Insulin- and Liraglutide- Induced Vasorelaxation in Cholesterol-Fed Rats.
Effects of aerobic and resistance training on abdominal fat, apolipoproteins and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein in adolescents with obesity: the HEARTY randomized clinical trial.
A Comprehensive Inter-Tissue Crosstalk Analysis Underlying Progression and Control of Obesity and Diabetes.
Obesity-Induced Inflammation Is Associated with Alterations in Subcellular Zinc Pools and Premature Mammary Gland Involution in Lactating Mice.
Hepatic insulin resistance and increased hepatic glucose production in mice lacking Fgf21.
Effect of a 1-week, eucaloric, moderately high-fat diet on peripheral insulin sensitivity in healthy premenopausal women.
Cyclocarya paliurus prevents high fat diet induced hyperlipidemia and obesity in Sprague-Dawley rats.
Activation of the SIRT1/p66shc antiapoptosis pathway via carnosic acid-induced inhibition of miR-34a protects rats against nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Curcuma oil ameliorates insulin resistance &amp; associated thrombotic complications in hamster &amp; rat.
Duodenal-Jejunal Bypass Surgery Ameliorates Glucose Homeostasis and Reduces Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress in the Liver Tissue in a Diabetic Rat Model.
Hypothalamic NUCKS regulates peripheral glucose homoeostasis.
Effect of piperine on liver function of CF-1 albino mice.
A historical exploration of Indian diets and a possible link to insulin resistance syndrome.
Inhibition of Advanced Glycation Endproduct Formation by Lotus Seedpod Oligomeric Procyanidins through RAGE-MAPK Signaling and NF-κB Activation in High-Fat-Diet Rats.
Targeting inflammation in metabolic syndrome.
B-cell-activating factor deficiency attenuates high-fat diet-induced glucose intolerance by potentiating adipose tissue function.
One-day high-fat diet induces inflammation in the nodose ganglion and hypothalamus of mice.
Long-Lasting Metabolic Imbalance Related to Obesity Alters Olfactory Tissue Homeostasis and Impairs Olfactory-Driven Behaviors.
Blood free fatty acids were not increased in high-fat diet induced obese insulin-resistant animals.
Cloning and characterization of microsomal triglyceride transfer protein gene and its potential connection with peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) in blunt snout bream (Megalobrama amblycephala).
Embryonic stem cell-derived pancreatic endoderm transplant with MCT1-suppressing miR-495 attenuates type II diabetes in mice.
Synergistic effects of Artemisia iwayomogi and Curcuma longa radix on high-fat diet-induced hyperlipidemia in a mouse model.
Dysregulation of Hypothalamo-Pituitary-Adrenocortical Axis in Overweight Female Diabetic Subjects is Associated with Downregulation of Corticosteroid Receptors and 11β-HSD1 in the Brain.
Adherence to the gluten-free diet can achieve the therapeutic goals in almost all patients with coeliac disease: A 5-year longitudinal study from diagnosis.
[Recommendations of the Spanish Paediatric Endocrinology Society Working Group on Obesity on eating habits for the prevention of obesity and cardiovascular risk factors in childhood].
Changes in mu-opioid receptor expression and function in the mesolimbic system after long-term access to a palatable diet.
Effect of GBOT on blood lipid and blood glucose metabolism in rats with atherosclerosis.
Pivotal role of liver sinusoidal endothelial cells in NAFLD/NASH progression.
Muscle ring finger-3 protects against diabetic cardiomyopathy induced by a high fat diet.
JTP-103237, a monoacylglycerol acyltransferase inhibitor, prevents fatty liver and suppresses both triglyceride synthesis and de novo lipogenesis.
The hypothalamic transcriptional response to stress is severely impaired in offspring exposed to adverse nutrition during gestation.
Effects of high-fat diet and gastric bypass on neurons in the caudal solitary nucleus.
Preconditioning offers cardioprotection in hyperlipidemic rat hearts: possible role of Dopamine (D2) signaling.
Effects of Dietary Different Doses of Copper and High Fructose Feeding on Rat Fecal Metabolome.
Prevalence of obesity and overweight, its clinical markers and associated factors in a high risk South-Asian population.
Rats Prone to Obesity Under a High-Carbohydrate Diet have Increased Post-Meal CCK mRNA Expression and Characteristics of Rats Fed a High-Glycemic Index Diet.
Dietary Rosa mosqueta (Rosa rubiginosa) oil prevents high diet-induced hepatic steatosis in mice.
Indole Glucocorticoid Receptor Antagonists Active in a Model of Dyslipidemia Act via a Unique Association with an Agonist Binding Site.
Discovery and optimization of adamantane carboxylic acid derivatives as potent diacylglycerol acyltransferase 1 inhibitors for the potential treatment of obesity and diabetes.
Differential Immunometabolic Phenotype in Th1 and Th2 Dominant Mouse Strains in Response to High-Fat Feeding.
Dietary DHA reduces downstream endocannabinoid and inflammatory gene expression and epididymal fat mass while improving aspects of glucose use in muscle in C57BL/6J mice.
Impaired Immune Response in Old Mice Suffering from Obesity and Premature Immunosenescence in Adulthood.
Differential effects of prenatal stress on metabolic programming in diet-induced obese and dietary-resistant rats.
Inhibition of 11β-HSD1 by LG13 improves glucose metabolism in type 2 diabetic mice.
Prenatal ethanol exposure induces the osteoarthritis-like phenotype in female adult offspring rats with a post-weaning high-fat diet and its intrauterine programming mechanisms of cholesterol metabolism.
CD8+ T cells mediate Chlamydia pneumoniae-induced atherosclerosis in mice.
Effect of periconceptional nutrition on the growth, behaviour and survival of the neonatal lamb.
Exposure to fine airborne particulate matters induces hepatic fibrosis in murine models.
Berberine reverses abnormal expression of L-type pyruvate kinase by DNA demethylation and histone acetylation in the livers of the non-alcoholic fatty disease rat.
How does the ketogenic diet induce anti-seizure effects?
Physicochemical characterization and pharmacological evaluation of ezetimibe-PVP K30 solid dispersions in hyperlipidemic rats.
Visualization of Sensory Neurons and Their Projections in an Upper Motor Neuron Reporter Line.
[Therapeutic effects and mechanisms of Opuntia dillenii Haw on atherosclerosis of rats].
Cancer chemoprevention: Evidence of a nonlinear dose response for the protective effects of resveratrol in humans and mice.
Effect of high-fat diet on cholesterol metabolism in rats and its association with Na⁺/K⁺-ATPase/Src/pERK signaling pathway.
Comparison of low- and high-carbohydrate diets for type 2 diabetes management: a randomized trial.
Dietary intake habits and controlled training on body composition and strength in elite female volleyball players during the season.
Maternal obesity regulates gene expression in the hearts of offspring.
'Maternal High-Fat-Diet Programs Rat Offspring Liver Fatty Acid Metabolism': Might Reduced Vitamin D Availability Due to Increases in Maternal Body Fat Contribute to This Effect?
ACE2 Deficiency Worsens Epicardial Adipose Tissue Inflammation and Cardiac Dysfunction in Response to Diet-Induced Obesity.
Irisin improves endothelial function in type 2 diabetes through reducing oxidative/nitrative stresses.
Early Diet and Later Cancer Risk: Prospective Associations of Dietary Patterns During Critical Periods of Childhood with the GH-IGF Axis, Insulin Resistance and Body Fatness in Younger Adulthood.
Exercise and a High Fat Diet Synergistically Increase the Pantothenic Acid Requirement in Rats.
Barley malt increases hindgut and portal butyric acid, modulates gene expression of gut tight junction proteins and Toll-like receptors in rats fed high-fat diets, but high advanced glycation end-products partially attenuate the effects.
Dual attenuation of proteasomal and autophagic BMAL1 degradation in Clock Δ19/+ mice contributes to improved glucose homeostasis.
Effect of a high fat, high sucrose diet on the promotion of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in male rats: the ameliorative role of three natural compounds.
METABOLISM. S-Nitrosylation links obesity-associated inflammation to endoplasmic reticulum dysfunction.
Combining citrulline with atorvastatin preserves glucose homeostasis in a murine model of diet-induced obesity.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease progression in rats is accelerated by splenic regulation of liver PTEN/AKT.
Pioglitazone treatment increases food intake and decreases energy expenditure partially via hypothalamic adiponectin/adipoR1/AMPK pathway.
CD4+ROR γ t++ and Tregs in a Mouse Model of Diet-Induced Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis.
Rat Models of Diet-Induced Obesity and High Fat/Low Dose Streptozotocin Type 2 Diabetes: Effect of Reversal of High Fat Diet Compared to Treatment with Enalapril or Menhaden Oil on Glucose Utilization and Neuropathic Endpoints.
The European Hare (Lepus europaeus): A Picky Herbivore Searching for Plant Parts Rich in Fat.
BDNF levels in adipose tissue and hypothalamus were reduced in mice with MSG-induced obesity.
Autologous Bone Marrow Mononuclear Cell Transplantation Delays Progression of Carotid Atherosclerosis in Rabbits.
The diabetes gene Zfp69 modulates hepatic insulin sensitivity in mice.
Effects of amount and type of dietary fats on postprandial lipemia and thrombogenic markers in individuals with metabolic syndrome.
Cholesterol - A putative endogenous contributor towards Parkinson's disease.
Effect of different fat-enriched meats on non-cholesterol sterols and oxysterols as markers of cholesterol metabolism: Results of a randomized and cross-over clinical trial.
Disruption of mitochondrial fission in the liver protects mice from diet-induced obesity and metabolic deterioration.
Effects of partly replacing dietary starch with fiber and fat on milk production and energy partitioning.
Comparison of the nutritional regulation of milk fat secretion and composition in cows and goats.
Soluble arabinoxylan alters digesta flow and protein digestion of red meat-containing diets in pigs.
Dietary silicon-enriched spirulina improves early atherosclerosis markers in hamsters on a high-fat diet.
Effect of aquatic interval training with Mediterranean diet counseling in obese patients: results of a preliminary study.
Supplementary heat-killed Lactobacillus reuteri GMNL-263 ameliorates hyperlipidaemic and cardiac apoptosis in high-fat diet-fed hamsters to maintain cardiovascular function.
The role of endoplasmic reticulum stress and insulin resistance in the occurrence of goose fatty liver.
Biochemical effects, hypolipidemic and anti-inflammatory activities of Artemisia vulgaris extract in hypercholesterolemic rats.
Effects of consuming a diet high in fat and/or sugar on the locomotor effects of acute and repeated cocaine in male and female C57BL/6J mice.
Hyperlipidemia exacerbates cerebral injury through oxidative stress, inflammation and neuronal apoptosis in MCAO/reperfusion rats.
High salt intake: independent risk factor for obesity?
Type 2 Diabetes-Associated K+ Channel TALK-1 Modulates β-Cell Electrical Excitability, Second-Phase Insulin Secretion, and Glucose Homeostasis.
Prolonged diet-induced obesity in mice modifies the inflammatory response and leads to worse outcome after stroke.
Practical assessment of the quantification of atherosclerotic lesions in apoE⁻/⁻ mice.
Nutrition-based interventions to address metabolic syndrome in the Navajo: a systematic review.
Involvement of adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase in the influence of timed high-fat evening diet on the hepatic clock and lipogenic gene expression in mice.
All-trans-retinoic acid reduces BACE1 expression under inflammatory conditions via modulation of nuclear factor κB (NFκB) signaling.
Ablation of XP-V gene causes adipose tissue senescence and metabolic abnormalities.
Meat Intake and Insulin Resistance in Women without Type 2 Diabetes.
High-density lipoprotein deficiency in genetically modified mice deeply affects skin morphology: A structural and ultrastructural study.
Olaparib tablet formulation: effect of food on the pharmacokinetics after oral dosing in patients with advanced solid tumours.
MuRF2 regulates PPARγ1 activity to protect against diabetic cardiomyopathy and enhance weight gain induced by a high fat diet.
Does trans-10, cis-12 conjugated linoleic acid affect the intermediary glucose and energy expenditure of dairy cows due to repartitioning of milk component synthesis?
A novel formula from mulberry leaf ameliorates diabetic nephropathy in rats via inhibiting the TGF-β1 pathway.
Anti-Glycation Effects of Pomegranate (Punica granatum L.) Fruit Extract and Its Components in Vivo and in Vitro.
Diet-induced obesity causes insulin resistance in mouse brown adipose tissue.
Prevention and treatment effect of total flavonoids in Stellera chamaejasme L. on nonalcoholic fatty liver in rats.
Ameliorating effects of Inonotus obliquus on high fat diet-induced obese rats.
Selective enhancement of insulin sensitivity in the mature adipocyte is sufficient for systemic metabolic improvements.
Characteristics of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease induced in wistar rats following four different diets.
A lifelong exposure to a Western-style diet, but not aging, alters global DNA methylation in mouse colon.
The effects of either resveratrol or exercise on macrophage infiltration and switching from M1 to M2 in high fat diet mice.
The effect of exercise on expression of myokine and angiogenesis mRNA in skeletal muscle of high fat diet induced obese rat.
The effect of physical activity on serum IL-6 and vaspin levels in late elementary school children.
Moderate exercise training is more effective than resveratrol supplementation for ameliorating lipid metabolic complication in skeletal muscle of high fat diet-induced obese mice.
Platycodon grandiflorum A. De Candolle Ethanolic Extract Inhibits Adipogenic Regulators in 3T3-L1 Cells and Induces Mitochondrial Biogenesis in Primary Brown Preadipocytes.
NNMT: A Bad Actor in Fat Makes Good in Liver.
Obesity and Hepatic Steatosis Are Associated with Elevated Serum Amyloid Beta in Metabolically Stressed APPswe/PS1dE9 Mice.
Energy and macronutrient intakes and adherence to dietary guidelines of infants and toddlers in Belgium.
Silicon-Enriched Restructured Pork Affects the Lipoprotein Profile, VLDL Oxidation, and LDL Receptor Gene Expression in Aged Rats Fed an Atherogenic Diet.
The Characterization of Feces and Urine: A Review of the Literature to Inform Advanced Treatment Technology.
Genistein Attenuates Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis and Increases Hepatic PPARγ in a Rat Model.
Obesity and Dyslipidemia
Adiponectin receptor-mediated signaling ameliorates cerebral cell damage and regulates the neurogenesis of neural stem cells at high glucose concentrations: an in vivo and in vitro study.
Rice Bran Protein Hydrolysates Improve Insulin Resistance and Decrease Pro-inflammatory Cytokine Gene Expression in Rats Fed a High Carbohydrate-High Fat Diet.
Postprandial Effect of a High-Fat Meal on Endotoxemia in Arab Women with and without Insulin-Resistance-Related Diseases.
Ferulic Acid Alleviates Changes in a Rat Model of Metabolic Syndrome Induced by High-Carbohydrate, High-Fat Diet.
Diet-induced obesity and kidney disease - In search of a susceptible mouse model.
Decreased rates of operant food self-administration are associated with reward deficits in high-fat feeding mice.
A nested case-control study on dietary fat consumption and the risk for gallstone disease.
Guanylin-Guanylyl cyclase-C signaling in macrophages regulates mesenteric fat inflammation induced by high-fat diet.
Phenotypic divergence in two lines of L-Fabp-/- mice reflects substrain differences and environmental modifiers.
Obesity and intestinal epithelial deletion of the insulin receptor, but not the IGF 1 receptor, affect radiation-induced apoptosis in colon.
Edible bird's nest attenuates procoagulation effects of high-fat diet in rats.
Effect of high fat diet on paternal sperm histone distribution and male offspring liver gene expression.
Efficacy of Berberine in Patients with Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Evaluation of the BDCA2-DTR Transgenic Mouse Model in Chronic and Acute Inflammation.
Carnitine palmitoyltransferase-1 up-regulation by PPAR-β/δ prevents lipid-induced endothelial dysfunction.
Prevention of cardiac hypertrophy by the use of a glycosphingolipid synthesis inhibitor in ApoE-/- mice.
c-Kit Receptor Signaling Regulates Islet Vasculature, β-Cell Survival, and Function In Vivo.
Oxidized low-density lipoprotein is a common risk factor for cardiovascular diseases and gastroenterological cancers via epigenomical regulation of microRNA-210.
Effect of dietary energy source and level on nutrient digestibility, rumen microbial protein synthesis, and milk performance in lactating dairy cows.
Effects of energy density in close-up diets and postpartum supplementation of extruded full-fat soybean on lactation performance and metabolic and hormonal status of dairy cows.
Elevated nocturnal NEFA are an early signal for hyperinsulinaemic compensation during diet-induced insulin resistance in dogs.
Tolerance of rising dietary concentrations of esterified propoxylated glycerol (EPG) among human volunteers.
LXRalpha gene downregulation by lentiviral-based RNA interference enhances liver function after fatty liver transplantation in rats.
Ketogenic diet prevents epileptogenesis and disease progression in adult mice and rats.
Genome-wide association study of triglyceride response to a high-fat meal among participants of the NHLBI Genetics of Lipid Lowering Drugs and Diet Network (GOLDN).
What is healthy food? Objective nutrient profile scores and subjective lay evaluations in comparison.
Anti-Inflammatory Dietary Combo in Overweight and Obese Women with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome.
Hypoglycemic Activity through a Novel Combination of Fruiting Body and Mycelia of Cordyceps militaris in High-Fat Diet-Induced Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Mice.
Joint MiRNA/mRNA expression profiling reveals changes consistent with development of dysfunctional corpus luteum after weight gain.
Betaine alleviates hepatic lipid accumulation via enhancing hepatic lipid export and fatty acid oxidation in rats fed with a high-fat diet--CORRIGENDUM.
A journey into a Mediterranean diet and type 2 diabetes: a systematic review with meta-analyses.
TLR9 regulates adipose tissue inflammation and obesity-related metabolic disorders.
Fish oil and krill oil differentially modify the liver and brain lipidome when fed to mice.
A 72-hour high fat diet increases transcript levels of the neuropeptide galanin in the dorsal hippocampus of the rat.
Nutrition in remote Aboriginal communities: lessons from Mai Wiru and the Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara Lands.
Genetic and environmental control of host-gut microbiota interactions.
Inhibitory effects of oleoylethanolamide (OEA) on H₂O₂-induced human umbilical vein endothelial cell (HUVEC) injury and apolipoprotein E knockout (ApoE-/-) atherosclerotic mice.
Decreased irisin secretion contributes to muscle insulin resistance in high-fat diet mice.
Astragaloside effect on TGF-β1, SMAD2/3, and α-SMA expression in the kidney tissues of diabetic KKAy mice.
Effect of curcumin on permeability of coronary artery and expression of related proteins in rat coronary atherosclerosis heart disease model.
ROLE OF RS9939609 FTO GENE VARIANT IN WEIGHT LOSS, INSULIN RESISTANCE AND METABOLIC PARAMETERS AFTER A HIGH MONOUNSATURATED VS A HIGH POLYUNSATURATED FAT HYPOCALORIC DIETS.
Mass-Spectrometry-Based Serum Metabolomics of a C57BL/6J Mouse Model of High-Fat-Diet-Induced Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Development.
Quantitative combination of natural anti-oxidants prevents metabolic syndrome by reducing oxidative stress.
Chronic Insulin Exposure Induces ER Stress and Lipid Body Accumulation in Mast Cells at the Expense of Their Secretory Degranulation Response.
Kaempferol alleviates insulin resistance via hepatic IKK/NF-κB signal in type 2 diabetic rats.
Effects of nitrogen fertilisation rate and maturity of grass silage on methane emission by lactating dairy cows.
Time-dependent cellular response in the liver and heart in a dietary-induced obese mouse model: the potential role of ER stress and autophagy.
Impaired cognition and cerebral glucose regulation are associated with astrocyte activation in the parenchyma of metabolically stressed APPswe/PS1dE9 mice.
Cross-sectional relationships between dietary fat intake and serum cholesterol fatty acids in a Swedish cohort of 60-year-old men and women.
Teneligliptin improves metabolic abnormalities in a mouse model of postmenopausal obesity.
Short-term high-fat diet increases postprandial trimethylamine-N-oxide in humans.
A Novel Arginase Inhibitor Derived from Scutellavia indica Restored Endothelial Function in ApoE-Null Mice Fed a High-Cholesterol Diet.
Determination of Milk Fat Adulteration with Vegetable Oils and Animal Fats by Gas Chromatographic Analysis.
Combined Contribution of Increased Intestinal Permeability and Inhibited Deglycosylation of Ginsenoside Rb1 in the Intestinal Tract to the Enhancement of Ginsenoside Rb1 Exposure in Diabetic Rats after Oral Administration.
Systemic adaptation of lipid metabolism in response to low- and high-fat diet in Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus).
Inflammation-induced microvascular insulin resistance is an early event in diet-induced obesity.
High-fructose and high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance enhances atherosclerosis in Watanabe heritable hyperlipidemic rabbits.
Knockout of STAT3 in skeletal muscle does not prevent high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance.
Fat and carbohydrate intake over three generations modify growth, metabolism and cardiovascular phenotype in female mice in an age-related manner.
Distinct Time Course of the Decrease in Hepatic AMP-Activated Protein Kinase and Akt Phosphorylation in Mice Fed a High Fat Diet.
Rice bran prevents high-fat diet-induced inflammation and macrophage content in adipose tissue.
A Hamster Model of Diet-Induced Obesity for Preclinical Evaluation of Anti-Obesity, Anti-Diabetic and Lipid Modulating Agents.
[CONSENSUS ON FATS AND OILS IN THE DIET OF S ISH ADULTS; POSITION PAPER OF THE SPANISH FEDERATION OF FOOD, NUTRITION AND DIETETICS SOCIETIES].
GENETIC VARIATION IN THE BETA-3-ADRENORECEPTOR GENE (TRP64ARG POLYMORPHISM) AND THEIR INFLUENCE ON ANTHROPOMETRIC PARAMETERS AND INSULIN RESISTANCE AFTER A HIGH PROTEIN/LOW CARBOHYDRATE VERSUS A STANDARD HYPOCALORIC DIET.
TRANS FATTY ACIDS MODIFY NUTRITIONAL PARAMETERS AND TRIACYLGLYCEROL METABOLISM IN RATS: DIFFERENTIAL EFFECTS AT RECOMMENDED AND HIGH-FAT LEVELS.
Changes in fatty acid composition in tissue and serum of obese cats fed a high fat diet.
A high energy intake from dietary fat among middle-aged and older adults is associated with increased risk of malnutrition 10 years later.
Role of adenosine 5'-monophosphate-activated protein kinase in α-linolenic acid-induced intestinal lipid metabolism.
Clustering of lifestyle characteristics and their association with cardio-metabolic health: the Lifestyles and Endothelial Dysfunction (EVIDENT) study.
[Association and interaction between 10 SNP of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor and non-HDL-C].
[The changes of gene expression of iron transporters for duodenal iron uptake and export in diet-induced obese mice].
Integrative systems analysis of diet-induced obesity identified a critical transition in the transcriptomes of the murine liver and epididymal white adipose tissue.
Berardinelli-Seip congenital lipodystrophy 2 regulates adipocyte lipolysis, browning, and energy balance in adult animals.
IL-15Rα is a determinant of muscle fuel utilization, and its loss protects against obesity.
Bolus Estimation--Rethinking the Effect of Meal Fat Content.
Low-glycemic index diet may improve insulin sensitivity in obese children.
Chronic Exposure to TNFα Impairs Secretion of Glucagon-Like Peptide-1.
Mice lacking prostaglandin E receptor subtype 4 manifest disrupted lipid metabolism attributable to impaired triglyceride clearance.
Lamp-2 deficiency prevents high-fat diet-induced obese diabetes via enhancing energy expenditure.
Stearic acid induces proinflammatory cytokine production partly through activation of lactate-HIF1α pathway in chondrocytes.
Estradiol mediates vasculoprotection via ERRα-dependent regulation of lipid and ROS metabolism in the endothelium.
H2S-induced S-sulfhydration of pyruvate carboxylase contributes to gluconeogenesis in liver cells.
Using food intake records to estimate compliance with the Eatwell Plate dietary guidelines.
Upregulation of miR-125b by estrogen protects against non-alcoholic fatty liver in female mice.
Mechanistic insights revealed by lipid profiling in monogenic insulin resistance syndromes.
Edible Bird's Nest Prevents High Fat Diet-Induced Insulin Resistance in Rats.
Fatty acids linked to cardiovascular mortality are associated with risk factors.
Metabolomics Reveals Metabolically Healthy and Unhealthy Obese Individuals Differ in their Response to a Caloric Challenge.
Diet-Induced Cognitive Deficits: The Role of Fat and Sugar, Potential Mechanisms and Nutritional Interventions.
Cardiovascular protection by ezetimibe and influence on oxidative stress in mice exposed to intermittent hypoxia.
Diosgenin regulates adipokine expression in perivascular adipose tissue and ameliorates endothelial dysfunction via regulation of AMPK.
Prosteatotic genes are associated with unsaturated fat suppression of saturated fat-induced hepatic steatosis in C57BL/6 mice.
Formation of volatile compounds in kefir made of goat and sheep milk with high polyunsaturated fatty acid content.
Testosterone replacement attenuates cognitive decline in testosterone-deprived lean rats, but not in obese rats, by mitigating brain oxidative stress.
Comment on Choi et al.: High-fat diet decreases energy expenditure and expression of genes controlling lipid metabolism, mitochondrial function and skeletal system development in the adipose tissue, along with increased expression of extracellular matrix remodelling- and inflammation-related genes.
Cellular and molecular remodeling of inguinal adipose tissue mitochondria by dietary methionine restriction.
Review: Precision Cut Liver Slices for the Evaluation of Fatty Liver and Fibrosis.
Role of CYP2E1 in mitochondrial dysfunction and hepatic tissue injury in alcoholic and non-alcoholic diseases.
Effects of dietary supplementation of emulsifier and carbohydrase on the growth performance, serum cholesterol and breast meat fatty acids profile of broiler chickens.
MiR-499-5p Contributes to Hepatic Insulin Resistance by Suppressing PTEN.
Prenatal Exposure to Maternal Obesity Alters Anxiety and Stress Coping Behaviors in Aged Mice.
Effects of dietary protein/energy ratio on growth performance, carcass trait, meat quality, and plasma metabolites in pigs of different genotypes.
The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension Diet and New and Recurrent Root Caries Events in Men.
Metabolic Syndrome: Insulin Resistance and Prediabetes.
Distinct regulatory mechanisms governing embryonic versus adult adipocyte maturation.
[THE EFFECTS OF LONG-TERM METFORMIN TREATMENT ON THE ACTIVITY OF ADENYLYL CYCLASE SYSTEM AND NO-SYNTHASES IN THE BRAIN AND THE MYOCARDIUM OF RATS WITH OBESITY].
[Effect of improper diets on blood viscosity in SD rats in high-salt and fat diet and alcohol abuse simulation model].
Impact of dietary fat on the development of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in Ldlr-/- mice.
Involvement of resveratrol in crosstalk between adipokine adiponectin and hepatokine fetuin-A in vivo and in vitro.
MicroRNA-21 is a potential link between non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and hepatocellular carcinoma via modulation of the HBP1-p53-Srebp1c pathway.
Daily intake and serum concentration of menaquinone-4 (MK-4) in haemodialysis patients with chronic kidney disease.
The contribution of Toll-like receptors to placental inflammation in diet-induced maternal obesity.
Hepatic CEACAM1 Over-Expression Protects Against Diet-Induced Fibrosis and Inflammation in White Adipose Tissue.
Dietary Intake in Body Mass Index Differences in Community-Based Japanese Patients with Schizophrenia.
Maternal High-fat Diet Accelerates Development of Crohn's Disease-like Ileitis in TNFΔARE/WT Offspring.
Effects of 17β-estradiol on cardiac Na(+)/K(+)-ATPase in high fat diet fed rats.
Diet- and Genetically-Induced Obesity Differentially Affect the Fecal Microbiome and Metabolome in Apc1638N Mice.
TRPV1 Channels and Gastric Vagal Afferent Signalling in Lean and High Fat Diet Induced Obese Mice.
Ginsenoside Compound K suppresses the hepatic gluconeogenesis via activating adenosine-5'monophosphate kinase: A study in vitro and in vivo.
High-intensity interval training beneficial effects on body mass, blood pressure, and oxidative stress in diet-induced obesity in ovariectomized mice.
High dietary protein decreases fat deposition induced by high-fat and high-sucrose diet in rats.
Programmed regulation of rat offspring adipogenic transcription factor (PPARγ) by maternal nutrition.
Protective effect of distillated Nerium oleander on heart of type 2 diabetic rats.
Carnitine supplementation in high-fat diet-fed rats does not ameliorate lipid-induced skeletal muscle mitochondrial dysfunction in vivo.
Role of fatty acids and micronutrients in healthy ageing: a systematic review of randomised controlled trials set in the context of European dietary surveys of older adults.
Five Days to...Poor Health.
GLP-1 Receptor Agonist Exenatide Attenuates the Detrimental Effects of Obesity on Inflammatory Profile in Testis and Sperm Quality in Mice.
Genetic Ablation of CD38 Protects against Western Diet-Induced Exercise Intolerance and Metabolic Inflexibility.
Dairy Products and Inflammation: A Review of the Clinical Evidence.
Short term exendin-4 treatment reduces markers of metabolic disorders in female offspring of obese rat dams.
Mesenchymal Stem Cells Stabilize Atherosclerotic Vulnerable Plaque by Anti-Inflammatory Properties.
Metabolomic and Lipidomic Analysis of Serum Samples following Curcuma longa Extract Supplementation in High-Fructose and Saturated Fat Fed Rats.
Regulation effect of Aspirin Eugenol Ester on blood lipids in Wistar rats with hyperlipidemia.
Characterization of hepatic lipid profiles in a mouse model with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis and subsequent fibrosis.
Consumption of Yogurt, Low-Fat Milk, and Other Low-Fat Dairy Products Is Associated with Lower Risk of Metabolic Syndrome Incidence in an Elderly Mediterranean Population.
Diet-induced obesity promotes altered remodeling and exacerbated cardiac hypertrophy following pressure overload.
Anti-Inflammatory Effects of Ang-(1-7) in Ameliorating HFD-Induced Renal Injury through LDLr-SREBP2-SCAP Pathway.
Effect of combination therapy consisting of enalapril, α-lipoic acid, and menhaden oil on diabetic neuropathy in a high fat/low dose streptozotocin treated rat.
High-fat Diet Promotes Cardiac Remodeling in an Experimental Model of Obesity.
Diet-induced obesity causes ghrelin resistance in reward processing tasks.
Protection against the Metabolic Syndrome by Guar Gum-Derived Short-Chain Fatty Acids Depends on Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor γ and Glucagon-Like Peptide-1.
Salsalate attenuates diet induced non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in mice by decreasing lipogenic and inflammatory processes.
Effect of food on the pharmacokinetics of piperaquine and dihydroartemisinin.
Instigation of endothelial Nlrp3 inflammasome by adipokine visfatin promotes inter-endothelial junction disruption: role of HMGB1.
Effect of a high intake of cheese on cholesterol and metabolic syndrome: results of a randomized trial.
SIRT3 Directs Carbon Traffic in Muscle to Promote Glucose Control.
Deficiency of FcϵR1 Increases Body Weight Gain but Improves Glucose Tolerance in Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Evaluation of total dietary fiber concentration and composition of commercial diets used for management of diabetes mellitus, obesity, and dietary fat-responsive disease in dogs.
HdhQ111 Mice Exhibit Tissue Specific Metabolite Profiles that Include Striatal Lipid Accumulation.
Casitas B-Lineage Lymphoma RING Domain Inhibitors Protect Mice against High-Fat Diet-Induced Obesity and Insulin Resistance.
Liver Perilipin 5 Expression Worsens Hepatosteatosis But Not Insulin Resistance in High Fat-Fed Mice.
High-Fat Diet/Low-Dose Streptozotocin-Induced Type 2 Diabetes in Rats Impacts Osteogenesis and Wnt Signaling in Bone Marrow Stromal Cells.
Disproportionately increased 24-h energy expenditure and fat oxidation in young men with low birth weight during a high-fat overfeeding challenge.
Diet-induced obesity impairs muscle satellite cell activation and muscle repair through alterations in hepatocyte growth factor signaling.
E-cadherin expression in obesity-associated, Kras-initiated pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma in mice.
Red wine intake but not other alcoholic beverages increases total antioxidant capacity and improves pro-inflammatory profile after an oral fat diet in healthy volunteers.
A dipeptidyl peptidase-IV inhibitor improves hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance by AMPK-dependent and JNK-dependent inhibition of LECT2 expression.
Rare sugar D-allulose: Potential role and therapeutic monitoring in maintaining obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Effects of PPARγ agonist on heart rate variability and cardiac mitochondrial function in obese-insulin resistant rats.
Selective inactivation of NADPH oxidase 2 causes regression of vascularization and the size and stability of atherosclerotic plaques.
IL-22 affects smooth muscle cell phenotype and plaque formation in apolipoprotein E knockout mice.
Effects of high concentrations of dietary crude glycerin on dairy cow productivity and milk quality.
Effect of diet fermentability and unsaturated fatty acid concentration on recovery from diet-induced milk fat depression.
Effects of ruminal dosing of Holstein cows with Megasphaera elsdenii on milk fat production, ruminal chemistry, and bacterial strain persistence.
Anti-obesity activity of the water extract of Lactobacillus paracasei subsp. paracasei NTU 101 fermented soy milk products.
Administration of Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 suppresses macrophage infiltration into adipose tissue in diet-induced obese mice.
Effect of emulsifier and viscosity on oil separation in ready-to-use therapeutic food.
PGC-1α Modulates Telomere Function and DNA Damage in Protecting against Aging-Related Chronic Diseases.
[Effect of orexin-A and orexin-1 receptor antagonist injected into the fourth ventricle of rats on food-intake and spontaneous physical activity].
Upregulation of miR-497 induces hepatic insulin resistance in E3 rats with HFD-MetS by targeting insulin receptor.
Sesamin prevents decline in exercise capacity and impairment of skeletal muscle mitochondrial function in mice with high-fat diet-induced diabetes.
Crude triterpenoid saponins from Ilex latifolia (Da Ye Dong Qing) ameliorate lipid accumulation by inhibiting SREBP expression via activation of AMPK in a non-alcoholic fatty liver disease model.
Krill Oil Ameliorates Mitochondrial Dysfunctions in Rats Treated with High-Fat Diet.
Physical Activity Differentially Affects the Cecal Microbiota of Ovariectomized Female Rats Selectively Bred for High and Low Aerobic Capacity.
Modelling impacts of performance on the probability of reproducing, and thereby on productive lifespan, allow prediction of lifetime efficiency in dairy cows.
Effects of low-fat diet and aging on metabolic profiles of Creb3l4 knockout mice.
Deletion of Kinin B2 Receptor Alters Muscle Metabolism and Exercise Performance.
Ameliorative effect of vanadyl(IV)-ascorbate complex on high-fat high-sucrose diet-induced hyperglycemia, insulin resistance, and oxidative stress in mice.
A comparative study between Wuweizi seed and its post-ethanol extraction residue in normal and hypercholesterolemic mice.
Deficiency of angiotensinogen in hepatocytes markedly decreases blood pressure in lean and obese male mice.
Pro-inflammatory obesity in aged cannabinoid-2 receptor-deficient mice.
Interaction between metformin and leucine in reducing hyperlipidemia and hepatic lipid accumulation in diet-induced obese mice.
Transgenerational effects of a hypercaloric diet.
Increased intravenous morphine self-administration following Roux-en-Y gastric bypass in dietary obese rats.
Hyperlipidemia-induced hepatic and small intestine ER stress and decreased paraoxonase 1 expression and activity is associated with HDL dysfunction in Syrian hamsters.
Effects of supplementation of rumen-protected choline on growth performance, meat quality and gene expression in longissimus dorsi muscle of lambs.
Diet and nutrient intakes in urban women of Rajasthan State, Northern India.
Dietary changes in migrant adolescents with increasing length of stay in Australia and associated risk of wheeze--a retrospective, cross sectional study.
CB1R antagonist increases hepatic insulin clearance in fat-fed dogs likely via upregulation of liver adiponectin receptors.
Role of orexin A signaling in dietary palmitic acid-activated microglial cells.
Plasma carnosine, but not muscle carnosine, attenuates high-fat diet-induced metabolic stress.
Adipocyte Metrnl Antagonizes Insulin Resistance Through PPARγ Signaling.
Role of PKCδ in Insulin Sensitivity and Skeletal Muscle Metabolism.
Icariin Attenuates High-cholesterol Diet Induced Atherosclerosis in Rats by Inhibition of Inflammatory Response and p38 MAPK Signaling Pathway.
Sources and Amounts of Animal, Dairy, and Plant Protein Intake of US Adults in 2007-2010.
Primary care weight loss maintenance with behavioral nutrition: An observational study.
Polysaccharides of Trametes versicolor Improve Bone Properties in Diabetic Rats.
Effects of High Fat Feeding on Adipose Tissue Gene Expression in Diabetic Goto-Kakizaki Rats.
Accurate assessment of liver steatosis in animal models using a high throughput Raman fiber optic probe.
Effect of Berberine on promoting the excretion of cholesterol in high-fat diet-induced hyperlipidemic hamsters.
Age- and Sex-Associated Effects on Acute-Phase Proteins in Göttingen Minipigs.
Relationship between 28-year food consumption trends and the 10-year global risk of death due to cardiovascular diseases in the adult Warsaw population.
Hypothalamic Nesfatin-1 Stimulates Sympathetic Nerve Activity via Hypothalamic ERK Signaling.
Left ventricular mechanical dysfunction in diet-induced obese mice is exacerbated during inotropic stress: a cine DENSE cardiovascular magnetic resonance study.
Effects of Dietary Genistein on Plasma and Liver Lipids, Hepatic Gene Expression, and Plasma Metabolic Profiles of Hamsters with Diet-Induced Hyperlipidemia.
The effect of maternal obesity on the expression and functionality of placental P-glycoprotein: Implications in the individualized transplacental digoxin treatment for fetal heart failure.
Dietary Whey and Casein Differentially Affect Energy Balance, Gut Hormones, Glucose Metabolism, and Taste Preference in Diet-Induced Obese Rats.
Obesity, the deadly quartet and the contribution of the neglected daily organ rest - a new dimension of un-health and its prevention.
Effect of resveratrol on experimental non-alcoholic fatty liver disease depends on severity of pathology and timing of treatment.
Does grandparents' diet affect weight and risk of hypogonadism in subsequent generations?
CETP Expression Protects Female Mice from Obesity-Induced Decline in Exercise Capacity.
Hepatic Overexpression of Soluble Urokinase Receptor (uPAR) Suppresses Diet-Induced Atherosclerosis in Low-Density Lipoprotein Receptor-Deficient (LDLR-/-) Mice.
Supra-nutritional vitamin E supplementation for 28 days before slaughter maximises muscle vitamin E concentration in finisher pigs.
Population Growth of the Generalist Mite Tyrophagus putrescentiae (Acari: Acaridida) Following Adaptation to High- or Low-Fat and High- or Low-Protein Diets and the Effect of Dietary Switch.
Black elderberry extract attenuates inflammation and metabolic dysfunction in diet-induced obese mice.
Exenatide reverses dysregulated microRNAs in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Teasaponin improves leptin sensitivity in the prefrontal cortex of obese mice.
The impact of chronic blackberry intake on the neuroinflammatory status of rats fed a standard or high-fat diet.
Role of Fatty Acid-Binding Protein 2 Ala54Thr Genotype on Weight Loss and Cardiovascular Risk Factors after a High-Protein/Low-Carbohydrate versus a Standard Hypocaloric Diet during 9 Months.
Hematopoietic cyclooxygenase-2 deficiency increases adipose tissue inflammation and adiposity in obesity.
GADD34-deficient mice develop obesity, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, hepatic carcinoma and insulin resistance.
Lean rats gained more body weight than obese ones from a high-fibre diet.
Role of histone deacetylase 9 in regulating adipogenic differentiation and high fat diet-induced metabolic disease.
Suppressive Role of PPARγ-Regulated Endothelial Nitric Oxide Synthase in Adipocyte Lipolysis.
Safety and Health Benefits of Novel Dietary Supplements Consisting Multiple Phytochemicals, Vitamins, Minerals and Essential Fatty Acids in High Fat Diet Fed Rats.
Insect Consumption to Address Undernutrition, a National Survey on the Prevalence of Insect Consumption among Adults and Vendors in Laos.
Hsp70 plays an important role in high-fat diet induced gestational hyperglycemia in mice.
High-Fat Diet Alters Serum Fatty Acid Profiles in Obesity Prone Rats: Implications for In Vitro Studies.
Maternal supplementation with conjugated linoleic acid in the setting of diet-induced obesity normalises the inflammatory phenotype in mothers and reverses metabolic dysfunction and impaired insulin sensitivity in offspring.
TRC8 downregulation contributes to the development of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis by exacerbating hepatic endoplasmic reticulum stress.
A Root-Based Combination Supplement Containing Pueraria lobata and Rehmannia glutinosa and Exercise Preserve Bone Mass in Ovariectomized Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet.
INDICATORS OF SUCCESS IN THE DIETARY MANAGEMENT OF OVERWEIGHT AND OBESITY: WEIGHT, BODY FAT LOSS AND QUALITY.
[PREDICTORS OF WEIGHT LOSS AND FAT IN THE DIETARY MANAGEMENT: SEX, AGE, BMI AND CONSULTING ASSISTANCE].
RED MEAT, MICRONUTRIENTS AND ORAL SQUAMOUS CELL CARCINOMA OF ARGENTINE ADULT PATIENTS.
Train High Eat Low for Osteoarthritis study (THE LO study): protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
MDG-1, an Ophiopogon polysaccharide, regulate gut microbiota in high-fat diet-induced obese C57BL/6 mice.
Cardiovascular Disease in South Asian Migrants.
Protection effect of trigonelline on liver of rats with non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases.
Crosstalk between Gut Microbiota and Dietary Lipids Aggravates WAT Inflammation through TLR Signaling.
The modulating effect of Persea americana fruit extract on the level of expression of fatty acid synthase complex, lipoprotein lipase, fibroblast growth factor-21 and leptin--A biochemical study in rats subjected to experimental hyperlipidemia and obesity.
Impact of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ on angiotensin II type 1 receptor-mediated insulin sensitivity, vascular inflammation and atherogenesis in hypercholesterolemic mice.
Pregnancy-related changes in the maternal gut microbiota are dependent upon the mother's periconceptional diet.
Preschool-Adapted Liking Survey (PALS): A Brief and Valid Method To Assess Dietary Quality of Preschoolers.
Dysregulated Hepatic Methionine Metabolism Drives Homocysteine Elevation in Diet-Induced Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Relationship Between Dietary Factors and Bodily Iron Status Among Japanese Collegiate Elite Female Rhythmic Gymnasts.
Immunosuppression With FTY720 Reverses Cardiac Dysfunction in Hypomorphic ApoE Mice Deficient in SR-BI Expression That Survive Myocardial Infarction Caused by Coronary Atherosclerosis.
Lipoprotein Metabolism in APOB L343V Familial Hypobetalipoproteinemia.
PCSK9 deficiency unmasks a sex- and tissue-specific subcellular distribution of the LDL and VLDL receptors in mice.
Astragalus polysaccharides affect insulin resistance by regulating the hepatic SIRT1-PGC-1α/PPARα-FGF21 signaling pathway in male Sprague Dawley rats undergoing catch-up growth.
Protein Inhibitor of Activated STAT 1 (PIAS1) Protects Against Obesity-Induced Insulin Resistance by Inhibiting Inflammation Cascade in Adipose Tissue.
Beneficial Effect of Protein Tyrosine Phosphatase Inhibitor and Phytoestrogen in Dyslipidemia-Induced Vascular Dementia in Ovariectomized Rats.
Gestational exercise protects adult male offspring from high-fat diet-induced hepatic steatosis.
Pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A deficiency improves survival of mice on a high fat diet.
Reduced silent information regulator 1 signaling exacerbates myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury in type 2 diabetic rats and the protective effect of melatonin.
Ameliorating effects of goby fish protein hydrolysates on high-fat-high-fructose diet-induced hyperglycemia, oxidative stress and deterioration of kidney function in rats.
Influence of milk fermented with Lactobacillus rhamnosus NCDC 17 alone and in combination with herbal ingredients on diet induced adiposity and related gene expression in C57BL/6J mice.
Olive Leaf Extract Improves the Atherogenic Lipid Profile in Rats Fed a High Cholesterol Diet.
Ghrelin Attenuated Lipotoxicity via Autophagy Induction and Nuclear Factor-κB Inhibition.
Protein intake in early childhood and cardiometabolic health at school age: the Generation R Study.
Changes in dietary intake during puberty and their determinants: results from the GINIplus birth cohort study.
Effect of miR-34a in regulating steatosis by targeting PPARα expression in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
A Lipidomic Readout of Disease Progression in A Diet-Induced Mouse Model of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Myeloid-specific SIRT1 Deletion Aggravates Hepatic Inflammation and Steatosis in High-fat Diet-fed Mice.
Syntaxin 4 Overexpression Ameliorates Effects of Aging and High-Fat Diet on Glucose Control and Extends Lifespan.
Predation risk modulates diet-induced obesity in male C57BL/6 mice.
Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Models in Mice and Rats.
Prediction of total fatty acid parameters and individual fatty acids in pork backfat using Raman spectroscopy and chemometrics: Understanding the cage of covariance between highly correlated fat parameters.
Regulation of the orexigenic neuropeptide, enkephalin, by PPARδ and fatty acids in neurons of the hypothalamus and forebrain.
Antioxidant and Anticoagulant Status Were Improved by Personalized Dietary Intervention Based on Biochemical and Clinical Parameters in Cancer Patients.
Agavins reverse the metabolic disorders in overweight mice through the increment of short chain fatty acids and hormones.
Local effects of human PCSK9 on the atherosclerotic lesion.
Impact of obesity on accumulation of the toxic irinotecan metabolite, SN-38, in mice.
Dual Opposing Roles of Metallothionein Overexpression in C57BL/6J Mouse Pancreatic β-Cells.
Combination of curcumin and piperine prevents formation of gallstones in C57BL6 mice fed on lithogenic diet: whether NPC1L1/SREBP2 participates in this process?
HDL and CER-001 Inverse-Dose Dependent Inhibition of Atherosclerotic Plaque Formation in apoE-/- Mice: Evidence of ABCA1 Down-Regulation.
Dietary obesity reversibly induces synaptic stripping by microglia and impairs hippocampal plasticity.
Chronic high-fat feeding increases GIP and GLP-1 secretion without altering body weight.
Effects of Maternal Obesity on Fetal Programming: Molecular Approaches.
Adipose tissue mitochondrial respiration and lipolysis before and after a weight loss by diet and RYGB.
Liver microRNA-21 is overexpressed in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and contributes to the disease in experimental models by inhibiting PPARα expression.
Acute Cocoa Supplementation Increases Postprandial HDL Cholesterol and Insulin in Obese Adults with Type 2 Diabetes after Consumption of a High-Fat Breakfast.
New pyripyropene A derivatives, highly SOAT2-selective inhibitors, improve hypercholesterolemia and atherosclerosis in atherogenic mouse models.
Role of high-fat diet on the effect of pioglitazone and melatonin in a rat model of breast cancer.
Shared Neuropathological Characteristics of Obesity, Type 2 Diabetes and Alzheimer's Disease: Impacts on Cognitive Decline.
Insulin-Inducible SMILE Inhibits Hepatic Gluconeogenesis.
Steatohepatitis is developed by a diet high in fat, sucrose, and cholesterol without increasing iron concentration in rat liver.
Prevalence of obesity in a rural Asian Indian (Bangladeshi) population and its determinants.
Gallic acid ameliorates renal functions by inhibiting the activation of p38 MAPK in experimentally induced type 2 diabetic rats and cultured rat proximal tubular epithelial cells.
Edible Bird's Nest attenuates high fat diet-induced oxidative stress and inflammation via regulation of hepatic antioxidant and inflammatory genes.
Exercise training attenuates neutrophil infiltration and elastase expression in adipose tissue of high-fat-diet-induced obese mice.
A porcine model of hypertensive cardiomyopathy: implications for heart failure with preserved ejection fraction.
Obesity resistance and increased energy expenditure by white adipose tissue browning in Oga(+/-) mice.
High-Fat Diet Increased Renal and Hepatic Oxidative Stress Induced by Vanadium of Wistar Rat.
Molecular characterization of carnitine palmitoyltransferase IA in Megalobrama amblycephala and effects on its expression of feeding status and dietary lipid and berberine.
Primary hypertriglyceridemia in children and adolescents.
High Fat Diet Exposure during Fetal Life Enhances Plasma and Hepatic Omega-6 Fatty Acid Profiles in Fetal Wistar Rats.
Celastrol Protects against Obesity and Metabolic Dysfunction through Activation of a HSF1-PGC1α Transcriptional Axis.
Hepatic Mitochondrial Pyruvate Carrier 1 Is Required for Efficient Regulation of Gluconeogenesis and Whole-Body Glucose Homeostasis.
CD36 deficiency blunts effects of diet on regulatory T cells in murine gonadal adipose tissue and mesenteric lymph nodes.
Effect of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis alterations on glucose and lipid metabolism in diabetic rats.
Chronic consumption of a low-fat diet improves cardiometabolic risk factors according to the CLOCK gene in patients with coronary heart disease.
Milk-derived peptide Val-Pro-Pro (VPP) inhibits obesity-induced adipose inflammation via an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) dependent cascade.
Lifelong exposure to dietary isoflavones reduces risk of obesity in ovariectomized Wistar rats.
Kinin B1 and B2 receptor deficiency protects against obesity induced by a high-fat diet and improves glucose tolerance in mice.
Hyperlipidemia induces vascular smooth muscle cell proliferation involving Wnt/β-catenin signaling.
The anti-inflammatory and antifibrotic effects of Coreopsis tinctoria Nutt on high-glucose-fat diet and streptozotocin-induced diabetic renal damage in rats.
Changes in glucose transporter expression and nitric oxide production are associated with liver injury in diabetes.
PPIA is a novel adipogenic factor implicated in obesity.
Tripterygium Glycosides Tablet Ameliorates Renal Tubulointerstitial Fibrosis via the Toll-Like Receptor 4/Nuclear Factor Kappa B Signaling Pathway in High-Fat Diet Fed and Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Rats.
Prothymosin-α Overexpression Contributes to the Development of Insulin Resistance.
Circadian Disruption and Diet-Induced Obesity Synergize to Promote Development of β-Cell Failure and Diabetes in Male Rats.
Estimation of Free-Living Energy Expenditure by Heart Rate and Movement Sensing: A Doubly-Labelled Water Study.
Development of an Anti-Atherosclerotic Polyherbal Formulation: GSTC3.
Identification of compounds from high-fat and extra virgin olive oil-supplemented diets in whole mouse liver extracts and isolated mitochondria using mass spectrometry.
High intensity intermittent exercise improves cardiac structure and function and reduces liver fat in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomised controlled trial.
Galectin-3 Participates in Cardiovascular Remodeling Associated With Obesity.
Effects of exogenous melatonin and photoperiod on sexual maturation in pullets.
Xanthine-based KMUP-1 improves HDL via PPARγ/SR-B1, LDL via LDLRs, and HSL via PKA/PKG for hepatic fat loss.
Assessing cardiometabolic risk in middle-aged adults using body mass index and waist-height ratio: are two indices better than one? A cross-sectional study.
JTT-553, a novel Acyl CoA:diacylglycerol acyltransferase (DGAT) 1 inhibitor, improves glucose metabolism in diet-induced obesity and genetic T2DM mice.
Dietary inflammatory index and telomere length in subjects with a high cardiovascular disease risk from the PREDIMED-NAVARRA study: cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses over 5 y.
Maternal dietary patterns during pregnancy and body composition of the child at age 6 y: the Generation R Study.
A systematic review of dietary, nutritional, and physical activity interventions for the prevention of prostate cancer progression and mortality.
Inhibition of mitogen-activated protein kinases/nuclear factor κB-dependent inflammation by a novel chalcone protects the kidney from high fat diet-induced injuries in mice.
Dietary Macronutrient Composition Affects the Influence of Exogenous Prolactin-Releasing Peptide on Appetite Responses and Hypothalamic Gene Expression in Chickens.
Performance and carcass characteristics of young cattle fed with soybean meal treated with tannins.
Effects of ractopamine hydrochloride and dietary protein content on performance, carcass traits and meat quality of Nellore bulls.
Histone Demethylase JMJD2A Inhibition Attenuates Neointimal Hyperplasia in the Carotid Arteries of Balloon-Injured Diabetic Rats via Transcriptional Silencing: Inflammatory Gene Expression in Vascular Smooth Muscle Cells.
HDAC5-mTORC1 Interaction in Differential Regulation of Ghrelin and Nucleobindin 2 (NUCB2)/Nesfatin-1.
High-fat diet induces cardiomyocyte apoptosis via the inhibition of autophagy.
Altered metabolism of LDL in the arterial wall precedes atherosclerosis regression.
Hyperinsulinemia shifted energy supply from glucose to ketone bodies in early nonalcoholic steatohepatitis from high-fat high-sucrose diet induced Bama minipigs.
Sirt1 mediates the effects of a short-term high-fat diet on the heart.
[Increased expressions of TLR4 and related proinflammatory signaling molecules in the renal tissues of obese mice induced by high-fat diet].
Possible role of the dopamine D1 receptor in the sensorimotor gating deficits induced by high-fat diet.
Ginsenoside Rb1 increases insulin sensitivity by activating AMP-activated protein kinase in male rats.
Combination cannabinoid and opioid receptor antagonists improves metabolic outcomes in obese mice.
Effects of exenatide therapy on insulin resistance in the skeletal muscles of high-fat diet and low-dose streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Age-dependent changes in amino acid phenotype and the role of glutamate release from hypothalamic proopiomelanocortin neurons.
Branched-chain amino acids attenuate early kidney injury in diabetic rats.
Prolylcarboxypeptidase gene expression in the heart and kidney: Effects of obesity and diabetes.
Television viewing and fatty liver in early midlife. The Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study.
Increased expression of ATP-binding cassette transporter A1 (ABCA1) as a possible mechanism for the protective effect of cilostazol against hepatic steatosis.
A 90-day subchronic study of rats fed lean pork from genetically modified pigs with muscle-specific expression of recombinant follistatin.
AMPK-dependent modulation of hepatic lipid metabolism by nesfatin-1.
ClC-3 deficiency prevents atherosclerotic lesion development in ApoE-/- mice.
Natural human apoA-I mutations L141RPisa and L159RFIN alter HDL structure and functionality and promote atherosclerosis development in mice.
A Mediterranean diet and risk of myocardial infarction, heart failure and stroke: A population-based cohort study.
Effect of a new PPAR-gamma agonist, lobeglitazone, on neointimal formation after balloon injury in rats and the development of atherosclerosis.
Effects of flavonol-rich green tea cultivar (Camellia sinensis L.) on plasma oxidized LDL levels in hypercholesterolemic mice.
Hepatic Bmal1 Regulates Rhythmic Mitochondrial Dynamics and Promotes Metabolic Fitness.
The effect of early-life stress and chronic high-sucrose diet on metabolic outcomes in female rats.
Reprogrammed Functional Brown Adipocytes Ameliorate Insulin Resistance and Dyslipidemia in Diet-Induced Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes.
The beneficial effects of betaine on dysfunctional adipose tissue and N6-methyladenosine mRNA methylation requires the AMP-activated protein kinase α1 subunit.
Interaction of dietary fat intake with APOA2, APOA5 and LEPR polymorphisms and its relationship with obesity and dyslipidemia in young subjects.
Mediterranean Diet and Invasive Breast Cancer Risk Among Women at High Cardiovascular Risk in the PREDIMED Trial: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Impact of Diet-Induced Obesity and Testosterone Deficiency on the Cardiovascular System: A Novel Rodent Model Representative of Males with Testosterone-Deficient Metabolic Syndrome (TDMetS).
Disruption of Daily Rhythms by High-Fat Diet Is Reversible.
Complete nutrient content of four species of commercially available feeder insects fed enhanced diets during growth.
Lipocalin (LCN) 2 Mediates Pro-Atherosclerotic Processes and Is Elevated in Patients with Coronary Artery Disease.
Reduced metabolic disease risk profile by voluntary wheel running accompanying juvenile Western diet in rats bred for high and low voluntary exercise.
Prolonged Adaptation to a Low or High Protein Diet Does Not Modulate Basal Muscle Protein Synthesis Rates - A Substudy.
Herbal formulation, DIA-2 and Rosiglitazone ameliorates hyperglycemia and hepatic steatosis in type 2 diabetic rats.
α-Mangostin Regulates Hepatic Steatosis and Obesity through SirT1-AMPK and PPARγ Pathways in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Punicalagin, an active component in pomegranate, ameliorates cardiac mitochondrial impairment in obese rats via AMPK activation.
Activation of Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) attenuates adaptive thermogenesis via endoplasmic reticulum stress.
Mediterranean Diet, Retinopathy, Nephropathy, and Microvascular Diabetes Complications: A Post Hoc Analysis of a Randomized Trial.
Per-Arnt-Sim Kinase (PASK): An Emerging Regulator of Mammalian Glucose and Lipid Metabolism.
Irisin improves endothelial function in obese mice through the AMPK-eNOS pathway.
Nutritional modulation of gut microbiota - the impact on metabolic disease pathophysiology.
Relationship of insulin dynamics to body composition and resting energy expenditure following weight loss.
Decreased adiposity and enhanced glucose tolerance in shikonin treated mice.
High-fat diet amplifies renal renin angiotensin system expression, blood pressure elevation, and renal dysfunction caused by Ceacam1 null deletion.
Co-Administration of Cholesterol-Lowering Probiotics and Anthraquinone from Cassia obtusifolia L. Ameliorate Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver.
The gut microbial community in metabolic syndrome patients is modified by diet.
Comparing Current Practice to Recommendations for the Child and Adult Care Food Program.
Sugar consumption, metabolic disease and obesity: The state of the controversy.
Rapid development of cardiac dysfunction in a canine model of insulin resistance and moderate obesity.
Obesity and Hyperlipidemia Modulate Alveolar Bone Loss in Wistar Rats.
Identification of a dietary pattern prospectively associated with bone mass in Australian young adults.
Weight-reduction through a low-fat diet causes differential expression of circulating microRNAs in obese C57BL/6 mice.
Mice Deficient in Proglucagon-Derived Peptides Exhibit Glucose Intolerance on a High-Fat Diet but Are Resistant to Obesity.
Green and Black Cardamom in a Diet-Induced Rat Model of Metabolic Syndrome.
Site-Specific Secretome Map Evidences VSMC-Related Markers of Coronary Atherosclerosis Grade and Extent in the Hypercholesterolemic Swine.
Dietary restriction in obese children and its relation with eating behavior, fibroblast growth factor 21 and leptin: a prospective clinical intervention study.
Effect of L-arginine supplementation on insulin resistance and serum adiponectin concentration in rats with fat diet.
Neuroprotective properties of vitamin C on equipotent anesthetic concentrations of desflurane, isoflurane, or sevoflurane in high fat diet fed neonatal mice.
Application of chrysophanol in zebrafish to reduce dietary introduced lipid and its possible mechanism.
The effect of early external X-ray radiation on arterial restenosis post percutaneous transluminal angioplasty.
Inhibition of Ceramide De Novo Synthesis Ameliorates Diet Induced Skeletal Muscles Insulin Resistance.
[Investigation of Evolution Rules of Phlegm and Blood Stasis Syndrome in Hyperlipidemia and Ath- erosclerosis by NMR-based Metabolic Profiling and Metabonomic Approaches].
Deleterious effect of salusin-β in paraventricular nucleus on sympathetic activity and blood pressure via NF-κB signaling in a rat model of obesity hypertension.
The ubiquitin ligase Siah2 regulates obesity-induced adipose tissue inflammation.
Genetic control of obesity, glucose homeostasis, dyslipidemia and fatty liver in a mouse model of diet-induced metabolic syndrome.
Effect of inflammation stimulation on energy and nutrient utilization in piglets selected for low and high residual feed intake.
Sex-related differences in small intestinal transit and serotonin dynamics in high-fat-diet-induced obesity in mice.
Maternal High Fat Diet Affects Offspring's Vitamin K-Dependent Proteins Expression Levels.
Oxidative Stress-Dependent Coronary Endothelial Dysfunction in Obese Mice.
Diet and identity: being a good parent in the face of contradictions presented by the ketogenic diet.
Hypothalamic PKA regulates leptin sensitivity and adiposity.
Impact of taurine depletion on glucose control and insulin secretion in mice.
Comparative analysis of the Cancer Council of Victoria and the online Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation FFQ.
Lean and obese dietary phenotypes: differences in energy and substrate metabolism and appetite.
Diet-induced variability of the resistin gene (Retn) transcript level and methylation profile in rats.
Lifestyle Behaviors in Metabolically Healthy and Unhealthy Overweight and Obese Women: A Preliminary Study.
High-fat diet during pregnancy acts as a stressor increasing maternal glucocorticoids' signaling to the fetus and disrupting maternal behavior in a mouse model.
Television watching, diet and body mass index of school children in Saudi Arabia.
GENETICS. Strength in small numbers.
Greenlandic Inuit show genetic signatures of diet and climate adaptation.
Obesity Impairs Skeletal Muscle Regeneration Through Inhibition of AMPK.
Mesenteric Fat Lipolysis Mediates Obesity-Associated Hepatic Steatosis and Insulin Resistance.
Autocrine Action of IGF2 Regulates Adult β-Cell Mass and Function.
Impaired Podocyte Autophagy Exacerbates Proteinuria in Diabetic Nephropathy.
Perforin-Positive Dendritic Cells Exhibit an Immuno-regulatory Role in Metabolic Syndrome and Autoimmunity.
Gut vagal afferents are necessary for the eating-suppressive effect of intraperitoneally administered ginsenoside Rb1 in rats.
The NADPH oxidase Nox4 has anti-atherosclerotic functions.
Low-carbohydrate, high-fat diets have sex-specific effects on bone health in rats.
[Effects of Rhubarbs from different regions on blood lipid and antioxidation of hyperlipidemia rats].
A 3-day high-fat/low-carbohydrate diet does not alter exercise-induced growth hormone response in healthy males.
Microbiota from Obese Mice Regulate Hematopoietic Stem Cell Differentiation by Altering the Bone Niche.
Signal transducer and activator of transcription 5B (STAT5B) modulates adipocyte differentiation via MOF.
Antitumor and immunomodulatory activity of genkwanin on colorectal cancer in the APC(Min/+) mice.
GC-TOF-MS-based serum metabolomic investigations of naked oat bran supplementation in high-fat-diet-induced dyslipidemic rats.
Effects of 5-aminolevulinic acid on a murine model of diet-induced obesity.
ACE2 deficiency reduces β-cell mass and impairs β-cell proliferation in obese C57BL/6 mice.
Cardiac Dysfunction Induced by Obesity Is Not Related to β-Adrenergic System Impairment at the Receptor-Signalling Pathway.
[Study of effect of Humifuse Euphorbia Herb on alleviating insulin resistance in type 2 diabetic model KK-Ay mice].
Lack of phosphatidylethanolamine N-methyltransferase alters hepatic phospholipid composition and induces endoplasmic reticulum stress.
Serglycin protects against high fat diet-induced increase in serum LDL in mice.
Dietary cholesterol induces hepatic inflammation and blunts mitochondrial function in the liver of high-fat-fed mice.
Contribution of dietary advanced glycation end products (AGE) to circulating AGE: role of dietary fat.
Metabolic Effects of CX3CR1 Deficiency in Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Dietary supplementation with n-3 fatty acids from weaning limits brain biochemistry and behavioural changes elicited by prenatal exposure to maternal inflammation in the mouse model.
Biological and Nutritional Properties of Palm Oil and Palmitic Acid: Effects on Health.
Lifelong consumption of trans fatty acids promotes striatal impairments on Na(+)/K(+) ATPase activity and BDNF mRNA expression in an animal model of mania.
CXC chemokine receptor 3 promotes steatohepatitis in mice through mediating inflammatory cytokines, macrophages and autophagy.
Purification, structure features and anti-atherosclerosis activity of a Laminaria japonica polysaccharide.
Imaging Macrophage and Hematopoietic Progenitor Proliferation in Atherosclerosis.
Diet, growth, and obesity development throughout childhood in the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children.
Dietary patterns in the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children.
A novel cobiotic-based preventive approach against high-fat diet-induced adiposity, nonalcoholic fatty liver and gut derangement in mice.
Supplemental epilactose prevents metabolic disorders through uncoupling protein-1 induction in the skeletal muscle of mice fed high-fat diets.
Effects of short-term walnut consumption on human microvascular function and its relationship to plasma epoxide content.
Modulation of gut microbiota by berberine and metformin during the treatment of high-fat diet-induced obesity in rats.
Effect of dietary fibers on physico-chemical, sensory and textural properties of Misti Dahi.
Ablation of TRPM5 in Mice Results in Reduced Body Weight Gain and Improved Glucose Tolerance and Protects from Excessive Consumption of Sweet Palatable Food when Fed High Caloric Diets.
Manganese [III] Tetrakis [5,10,15,20]-Benzoic Acid Porphyrin Reduces Adiposity and Improves Insulin Action in Mice with Pre-Existing Obesity.
Treatment of experimental non-alcoholic steatohepatitis by targeting α7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor-mediated inflammatory responses in mice.
Abnormal trigeminal sensory processing in obese mice.
Enhanced thermogenic program by non-viral delivery of combinatory browning genes to treat diet-induced obesity in mice.
Reverse-D-4F Increases the Number of Endothelial Progenitor Cells and Improves Endothelial Progenitor Cell Dysfunctions in High Fat Diet Mice.
Antioxidant supplementation and obesity have independent effects on hepatic oxylipin profiles in insulin-resistant, obesity-prone rats.
High Sucrose Intake Ameliorates the Accumulation of Hepatic Triacylglycerol Promoted by Restraint Stress in Young Rats.
Sea cucumber cerebrosides and long-chain bases from Acaudina molpadioides protect against high fat diet-induced metabolic disorders in mice.
High fat diet triggers cell cycle arrest and excessive apoptosis of granulosa cells during the follicular development.
GPR119: a promising target for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Influence of arsenic on selected biochemical blood parameters in rats fed diet with different fat and protein content.
Folic acid supplementation during high-fat diet feeding restores AMPK activation via an AMP-LKB1-dependent mechanism.
Did HealthKick, a randomised controlled trial primary school nutrition intervention improve dietary quality of children in low-income settings in South Africa?
Evidence Supports the Use of Soy Protein to Promote Cardiometabolic Health and Muscle Development.
Amino Acid-Induced Activation of mTORC1 in Rat Liver Is Attenuated by Short-Term Consumption of a High-Fat Diet.
Persistence of diet-induced obesity despite access to voluntary activity in mice lacking sarcolipin.
Effects of salvianolic acid B on liver mitochondria of rats with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
Some pharmacological effects of cinnamon and ginger herbs in obese diabetic rats.
Serum lipid profile and inflammatory markers in the aorta of cholesterol-fed rats supplemented with extra virgin olive oil, sunflower oils and oil-products.
The Role of Dietary Extra Virgin Olive Oil and Corn Oil on the Alteration of Epigenetic Patterns in the Rat DMBA-Induced Breast Cancer Model.
Differential Effects of Meal Challenges on Cognition, Metabolism, and Biomarkers for Apolipoprotein E ɛ4 Carriers and Adults with Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Specialized Pro-Resolving Mediators from Omega-3 Fatty Acids Improve Amyloid-β Phagocytosis and Regulate Inflammation in Patients with Minor Cognitive Impairment.
Nutritional aspects of depression.
Myocardial lipid profiling during time course of high fat diet and its relationship to the expression of fatty acid transporters.
Reliability of BOD POD Measurements Remains High After a Short-Duration Low-Carbohydrate Diet.
Rutin Increases Muscle Mitochondrial Biogenesis with AMPK Activation in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Rats.
Classical and alternative NF-κB signaling cooperate in regulating adipocyte differentiation and function.
Irisin improves fatty acid oxidation and glucose utilization in type 2 diabetes by regulating the AMPK signaling pathway.
Gene expression profiling and inhibition of adipose tissue accumulation of G. bimaculatus extract in rats on high fat diet.
Effect of 12 Weeks High Oleic Peanut Consumption on Cardio-Metabolic Risk Factors and Body Composition.
A High Linoleic Acid Diet does not Induce Inflammation in Mouse Liver or Adipose Tissue.
Deficiency of HIF1α in Antigen-Presenting Cells Aggravates Atherosclerosis and Type 1 T-Helper Cell Responses in Mice.
Reduced cortical BACE1 content with one bout of exercise is accompanied by declines in AMPK, Akt, and MAPK signaling in obese, glucose-intolerant mice.
Eliciting the mitochondrial unfolded protein response by nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide repletion reverses fatty liver disease in mice.
Beneficial effects of protease preparations derived from <i>Aspergillus</i> on the colonic luminal environment in rats consuming a high-fat diet.
Hype or Reality: Should Patients with Metabolic Syndrome-related NAFLD be on the Hunter-Gatherer (Paleo) Diet to Decrease Morbidity?
Mice Lacking beta2-Integrin Function Remain Glucose Tolerant in Spite of Insulin Resistance, Neutrophil Infiltration and Inflammation.
Replacement of Dietary Saturated Fat by PUFA-Rich Pumpkin Seed Oil Attenuates Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and Atherosclerosis Development, with Additional Health Effects of Virgin over Refined Oil.
Modulation of gut microbiota by polyphenols from adlay (Coix lacryma-jobi L. var. ma-yuen Stapf.) in rats fed a high-cholesterol diet.
DHEA Administration Activates Transcription of Muscular Lipid Metabolic Enzymes via PPARα and PPARδ in Obese Rats.
Loss of SFRP4 Alters Body Size, Food Intake, and Energy Expenditure in Diet-Induced Obese Male Mice.
Correction: A Maternal High Fat Diet Programmes Endothelial Function and Cardiovascular Status in Adult Male Offspring Independent of Body Weight, Which is Reversed by Maternal Conjugated Linoleic Acid (CLA) Supplementation.
Detection of QTL controlling feed efficiency and excretion in chickens fed a wheat-based diet.
Prostaglandin F2α receptor silencing attenuates vascular remodeling in rats with type 2 diabetes.
The multimerization and secretion of adiponectin are regulated by TNF-alpha.
Multidisciplinary Treatment of the Metabolic Syndrome Lowers Blood Pressure Variability Independent of Blood Pressure Control.
Successful metabolic adaptations leading to the prevention of high fat diet-induced murine cardiac remodeling.
Molecular and cellular mechanisms of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist-mediated attenuation of cardiac fibrosis.
Effect of diosgenin on metabolic dysfunction: Role of ERβ in the regulation of PPARγ.
Insulin sensitizing and cardioprotective effects of Esculetin and Telmisartan combination by attenuating Ang II mediated vascular reactivity and cardiac fibrosis.
A meta-analysis and meta-regression of the effect of forage particle size, level, source, and preservation method on feed intake, nutrient digestibility, and performance in dairy cows.
Quantitative micro-CT based coronary artery profiling using interactive local thresholding and cylindrical coordinates.
Saturated lipids decrease mitofusin 2 leading to endoplasmic reticulum stress activation and insulin resistance in hypothalamic cells.
Tribbles 3: A potential player in diabetic aortic remodelling.
Ladder-Climbing Training Prevents Bone Loss and Microarchitecture Deterioration in Diet-Induced Obese Rats.
Calcineurin Links Mitochondrial Elongation with Energy Metabolism.
HMGA1 overexpression in adipose tissue impairs adipogenesis and prevents diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance.
[Mechanism Analysis and Prevention of Pathogenesis of Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis].
The Anti-Inflammatory Effect of Prunus yedoensis Bark Extract on Adipose Tissue in Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Effect of concentrate supplementation on nutrient digestibility and growth of Brahman crossbred cattle fed a basal diet of grass and rice straw.
Pannexin 1 is required for full activation of insulin-stimulated glucose uptake in adipocytes.
The AMPK activator R419 improves exercise capacity and skeletal muscle insulin sensitivity in obese mice.
Effect of starting body fat content and genotype of laying hens on the changes in their live weight, body fat content, egg production and egg composition during the first egg-laying period.
Evidence-Based Guideline of the German Nutrition Society: Fat Intake and Prevention of Selected Nutrition-Related Diseases.
Impact of Hydroxychloroquine on Atherosclerosis and Vascular Stiffness in the Presence of Chronic Kidney Disease.
A catalog of the mouse gut metagenome.
High Fat Diet Enhances β-Site Cleavage of Amyloid Precursor Protein (APP) via Promoting β-Site APP Cleaving Enzyme 1/Adaptor Protein 2/Clathrin Complex Formation.
Modulation of Cell-Mediated Immunity to Suppress High Fat Diet-Induced Obesity and Insulin Resistance.
Feeding butter with elevated content of trans-10, cis-12 conjugated linoleic acid to obese-prone rats impairs glucose and insulin tolerance.
Long-Term Administration of High-Fat Diet Corrects Abnormal Bone Remodeling in the Tibiae of Interleukin-6-Deficient Mice.
Vitamin D metabolism-related genetic variants, dietary protein intake and improvement of insulin resistance in a 2 year weight-loss trial: POUNDS Lost.
Quantitative analysis of the murine lipid droplet-associated proteome during diet-induced hepatic steatosis.
Association between intrauterine mild hyperglycemia and post-natal high-fat diet with adiponectin and AMPK pathway genes.
Adiponectin supplementation in pregnant mice prevents the adverse effects of maternal obesity on placental function and fetal growth.
Inflammatory Signaling Involved in High-Fat Diet Induced Prostate Diseases.
Perirenal Fat Promotes Renal Arterial Endothelial Dysfunction in Obese Swine through Tumor Necrosis Factor-α.
The Thiazide-Sensitive Co-Transporter Promotes the Development of Sodium Retention in Mice with Diet-Induced Obesity.
What is new about diet in hepatic encephalopathy.
Idalopirdine - a small molecule antagonist of 5-HT6 with therapeutic potential against obesity.
Enrichment, Distribution of Vanadium-Containing Protein in Vanadium-Enriched Sea Cucumber Apostichopus japonicus and the Ameliorative Effect on Insulin Resistance.
Ontogenetic Differences in Dietary Fat Influence Microbiota Assembly in the Zebrafish Gut.
Determinants of dietary self-care behaviours among Taiwanese patients with type 2 diabetes.
Diets high in carbohydrate may not be appropriate for rs328 G carriers with the metabolic syndrome.
A sustained high fat diet for two years decreases IgM and IL-1 beta in ageing Wistar rats.
A One-Two Punch to Bone: Assessing the Combined Impact of Lead and a High-Fat Diet.
High Prevalence of Dyslipidemia and Insulin Resistance in HIV-infected Prepubertal African Children on Antiretroviral Therapy.
Hepatic lipase deficiency produces glucose intolerance, inflammation and hepatic steatosis.
IL-25 or IL-17E Protects against High-Fat Diet-Induced Hepatic Steatosis in Mice Dependent upon IL-13 Activation of STAT6.
Resveratrol prevents renal lipotoxicity in high-fat diet-treated mouse model through regulating PPAR-α pathway.
Maternal high fat diet programs stress-induced behavioral disorder in adult offspring.
Berry intake changes hepatic gene expression and DNA methylation patterns associated with high-fat diet.
Table grape consumption reduces adiposity and markers of hepatic lipogenesis and alters gut microbiota in butter fat-fed mice.
Ulcerative Dermatitis in C57BL/6NCrl Mice on a Low-Fat or High-Fat Diet With or Without a Mineralized Red-Algae Supplement.
Effects of treadmill running and rutin on lipolytic signaling pathways and TRPV4 protein expression in the adipose tissue of diet-induced obese mice.
The effects of Momordica charantia on obesity and lipid profiles of mice fed a high-fat diet.
Association of low educational status with microvascular complications in type 2 diabetes: Jaipur diabetes registry-1.
Food consumption in patients referred for bariatric surgery with and without binge eating disorder.
Healthy Eating in Jamaica: The Cost Factor.
Association of Sodium Excretion With Metabolic Syndrome, Insulin Resistance, and Body Fat.
Cohort Study of the Success of Controlled Weight Loss Programs for Obese Dogs.
Synthesis, Biological Evaluation, and Molecular Docking of (R)-2-((8-(3-aminopiperidin-1-yl)-3-methyl-7-(3-methylbut-2-en-1-yl)-2,6-dioxo-2,3,6,7-tetrahydro-1H-purin-1-yl)methyl)benzonitrile as Dipeptidyl Peptidase IV Inhibitors.
Gene-Diet Interactions in Age-Related Macular Degeneration.
Creation of the first ultra-low gluten barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) for coeliac and gluten-intolerant populations.
Fibronectin Splicing Variants Containing Extra Domain A Promote Atherosclerosis in Mice Through Toll-Like Receptor 4.
Therapeutic Inhibition of miR-33 Promotes Fatty Acid Oxidation but Does Not Ameliorate Metabolic Dysfunction in Diet-Induced Obesity.
Ketoacidosis associated with low-carbohydrate diet in a non-diabetic lactating woman: a case report.
Postprandial profiles of CCK after high fat and high carbohydrate meals and the relationship to satiety in humans.
Fructose and Cardiometabolic Health: What the Evidence From Sugar-Sweetened Beverages Tells Us.
Adipose-specific Vdr deletion alters body fat and enhances mammary epithelial density.
Should patients with ALS gain weight during their follow-up?
Effects and mechanisms of auricular vagus nerve stimulation on high-fat-diet--induced obese rats.
Gut-derived lymphocyte recruitment to liver and induce liver injury in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease mouse model.
Glycine supplementation during calorie restriction accelerates fat loss and protects against further muscle loss in obese mice.
Diethylcarbamazine citrate ameliorates insulin resistance in high-fat diet-induced obese mice via modulation of adipose tissue inflammation.
T-lymphocyte populations following a period of high volume training in female soccer players.
Sleeve Gastrectomy Reduces Body Weight and Improves Metabolic Profile also in Obesity-Prone Rats.
Biocompounds Attenuating the Development of Obesity and Insulin Resistance Produced by a High-fat Sucrose Diet.
Association between Smoking Status and Food and Nutrient Consumption in Japanese: a Large-Scale Cross-Sectional Study.
Inhibition of myostatin in mice improves insulin sensitivity via irisin-mediated cross talk between muscle and adipose tissues.
Performance and carcass characteristics of Australian purebred and crossbred lambs supplemented with Rice Bran.
MicroRNA-223 is a crucial mediator of PPARγ-regulated alternative macrophage activation.
Extracts from Aralia elata (Miq) Seem alleviate hepatosteatosis via improving hepatic insulin sensitivity.
The effects of visceral obesity and androgens on bone: trenbolone protects against loss of femoral bone mineral density and structural strength in viscerally obese and testosterone-deficient male rats.
Inhibiting myostatin signaling prevents femoral trabecular bone loss and microarchitecture deterioration in diet-induced obese rats.
Macrophage-specific de Novo Synthesis of Ceramide Is Dispensable for Inflammasome-driven Inflammation and Insulin Resistance in Obesity.
In vitro and in vivo insulinotropic properties of the multifunctional frog skin peptide hymenochirin-1B: a structure-activity study.
Bile Acid Alters Male Mouse Fertility in Metabolic Syndrome Context.
Effects of microbial phytase on the apparent and standardized total tract digestibility of phosphorus in rice coproducts fed to growing pigs.
Effect of flint corn processing method and roughage level on finishing performance of Nellore-based cattle.
Toxicity of endophyte-infected ryegrass hay containing high ergovaline level in lactating ewes.
Postweaning substitution of grazed forage with a high-energy concentrate has variable long-term effects on subcutaneous fat and marbling in Bos taurus genotypes.
Saponin-enriched sea cucumber extracts exhibit an antiobesity effect through inhibition of pancreatic lipase activity and upregulation of LXR-β signaling.
Effect of xylanases on ileal viscosity, intestinal fiber modification, and apparent ileal fiber and nutrient digestibility of rye and wheat in growing pigs.
Finishing performance of feedlot cattle fed condensed distillers solubles.
In vivo prediction of goat kids body composition from the deuterium oxide dilution space determined by isotope-ratio mass spectrometry.
Effects of diet form and type on growth performance, carcass yield, and iodine value of finishing pigs.
Carcass traits and cutting yields of entire and immunocastrated pigs fed increasing protein levels with and without ractopamine hydrochloride supplementation.
Fresh garlic amelioration of high-fat-diet induced fatty liver in albino rats.
Endothelial Mineralocorticoid Receptor Deletion Prevents Diet-Induced Cardiac Diastolic Dysfunction in Females.
Early Life Stress Induced by Limited Nesting Material Produces Metabolic Resilience in Response to a High-Fat and High-Sugar Diet in Male Rats.
Novel Regulator of Acylated Ghrelin, CF801, Reduces Weight Gain, Rebound Feeding after a Fast, and Adiposity in Mice.
High-fat diet prevents adaptive peripartum-associated adrenal gland plasticity and anxiolysis.
Hydrogen sulfide reduces serum triglyceride by activating liver autophagy via the AMPK-mTOR pathway.
Wheat gluten intake increases weight gain and adiposity associated with reduced thermogenesis and energy expenditure in an animal model of obesity.
Double Burden of Malnutrition in Rural West Java: Household-Level Analysis for Father-Child and Mother-Child Pairs and the Association with Dietary Intake.
Egg Intake and Dietary Quality among Overweight and Obese Mexican-American Postpartum Women.
Leptin Is Required for Glucose Homeostasis after Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass in Mice.
Quercetin reduces obesity-induced hepatosteatosis by enhancing mitochondrial oxidative metabolism via heme oxygenase-1.
Diet-induced increases in chemerin are attenuated by exercise and mediate the effect of diet on insulin and HOMA-IR.
Mechanical Stabilization of Mouse Carotid Artery for In Vivo Intravital Microscopy Imaging of Atherogenesis.
Prevalence of Desloratadine Slow-metabolizer Phenotype and Food-dependent Pharmacokinetics of Desloratadine in Healthy Chinese Volunteers.
Dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids and the Pro12Ala polymorphisms of PPARG regulate serum lipids through divergent pathways: a randomized crossover clinical trial.
Anti-inflammatory γ- and δ-tocotrienols improve cardiovascular, liver and metabolic function in diet-induced obese rats.
Regulation of B-type natriuretic peptide synthesis by insulin in obesity in male mice.
Adverse effects of vitamin D deficiency on the Pi3k/Akt pathway and pancreatic islet morphology in diet-induced obese mice.
Erratum: ASK1 is involved in cognitive impairment caused by long-term high-fat diet feeding in mice.
Thoracic Duct Narrowing-Innovative Technique Restraining Weight Gain in Rats.
α-Tocopherol bioavailability is lower in adults with metabolic syndrome regardless of dairy fat co-ingestion: a randomized, double-blind, crossover trial.
NKT cell modulates NAFLD potentiation of metabolic oxidative stress-induced mesangial cell activation and proximal tubular toxicity.
Does Long-Term High Fat Diet Always Lead to Smaller Hippocampi Volumes, Metabolite Concentrations, and Worse Learning and Memory? A Magnetic Resonance and Behavioral Study in Wistar Rats.
Soluble Fermentable Dietary Fibre (Pectin) Decreases Caloric Intake, Adiposity and Lipidaemia in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Rats.
The effects of the aqueous extract and residue of Matcha on the antioxidant status and lipid and glucose levels in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Identification of High-Risk Plaques by MRI and Fluorescence Imaging in a Rabbit Model of Atherothrombosis.
Vitis thunbergii var. taiwaniana Extracts and Purified Compounds Ameliorate Obesity in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
MsrA Overexpression Targeted to the Mitochondria, but Not Cytosol, Preserves Insulin Sensitivity in Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Spatial Cognition in Adult and Aged Mice Exposed to High-Fat Diet.
C57BL/6 and A/J Mice Have Different Inflammatory Response and Liver Lipid Profile in Experimental Alcoholic Liver Disease.
TRAF1 knockdown alleviates palmitate-induced insulin resistance in HepG2 cells through NF-κB pathway.
Phosphoprotein phosphatase 1CB (PPP1CB), a novel adipogenic activator, promotes 3T3-L1 adipogenesis.
Endocrine Disruptor DDE Associated with a High-Fat Diet Enhances the Impairment of Liver Fatty Acid Composition in Rats.
Effects of the combination of SGLT2 selective inhibitor ipragliflozin and various antidiabetic drugs in type 2 diabetic mice.
Diet-Induced Obesity and Its Differential Impact on Periodontal Bone Loss.
Role of Janus Kinase 3 in Predisposition to Obesity-associated Metabolic Syndrome.
Obesity-induced remodeling of the adipose tissue elastin network is independent of the metalloelastase MMP-12.
Calorie hoarding and thrifting: Foxa3 finds a way.
Mangosteen Extract Attenuates the Metabolic Disorders of High-Fat-Fed Mice by Activating AMPK.
KPNβ1 promotes palmitate-induced insulin resistance via NF-κB signaling in hepatocytes.
High dietary cholesterol and ovariectomy in rats repress gene expression of key markers of VLDL and bile acid metabolism in liver.
Protective effects of Xiongshao Capsule () on anti-inflammatory function of high-density lipoprotein in atherosclerosis rabbit model.
High glucose/High Lipids impair vascular adiponectin function via inhibition of caveolin-1/AdipoR1 signalsome formation.
Arresting progressive atherosclerosis by immunization with an anti-glycosaminoglycan monoclonal antibody in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice.
Effect of propylene glycol on adipose tissue mobilization in postpartum over-conditioned Holstein cows.
Body fat loss induced by calcium in co-supplementation with conjugated linoleic acid is associated with increased expression of bone formation genes in adult mice.
[Research of Hippophae rhamnoides fruits on serum lipids and liver protection effects in high-fat-diet rats].
Glabridin, an isoflavan from licorice root, upregulates paraoxonase 2 expression under hyperglycemia and protects it from oxidation.
Obesity promotes colonic stem cell expansion during cancer initiation.
Monosodium L-glutamate in soup reduces subsequent energy intake from high-fat savoury food in overweight and obese women.
High vitamin A intake during pregnancy modifies dopaminergic reward system and decreases preference for sucrose in Wistar rat offspring.
CTRP1 protects against diet-induced hyperglycemia by enhancing glycolysis and fatty acid oxidation.
High fat diet attenuates glucose-dependent facilitation of 5-HT3 -mediated responses in rat gastric vagal afferents.
Effects of a High-Protein/Low-Carbohydrate Diet versus a Standard Hypocaloric Diet on Weight and Cardiovascular Risk Factors: Role of a Genetic Variation in the rs9939609 FTO Gene Variant.
VEGF-C is required for intestinal lymphatic vessel maintenance and lipid absorption.
Odontella aurita-enriched diet prevents high fat diet-induced liver insulin resistance.
Nonerythropoietic Erythropoietin-Derived Peptide Suppresses Adipogenesis, Inflammation, Obesity and Insulin Resistance.
Increased intestinal P-glycoprotein expression and activity with progression of diabetes and its modulation by epigallocatechin-3-gallate: Evidence from pharmacokinetic studies.
Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: Correlation of the Liver Parenchyma Fatty Acid with Intravoxel Incoherent Motion MR Imaging-An Experimental Study in a Rat Model.
Oxysterols induce mitochondrial impairment and hepatocellular toxicity in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Body energy metabolism and oxidative stress in mice supplemented with conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) associated to oleic acid.
Oxysterols in the orchestra of liver cell metabolism.
Effect of chronic consumption of blackberry extract on high-fat induced obesity in rats and its correlation with metabolic and brain outcomes.
Retinoic acid receptor β2 agonists restore glycaemic control in diabetes and reduce steatosis.
Mulberry leaves (Morus alba L.) ameliorate obesity-induced hepatic lipogenesis, fibrosis, and oxidative stress in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Comparative Effects of Bile Diversion and Duodenal-Jejunal Bypass on Glucose and Lipid Metabolism in Male Diabetic Rats.
Glucose fluctuation increased hepatocyte apoptosis under lipotoxicity and the involvement of mitochondrial permeability transition opening.
Probiotic supplementation and trimethylamine-N-oxide production following a high-fat diet.
Probiotic supplementation attenuates increases in body mass and fat mass during high-fat diet in healthy young adults.
Obesity Resistance and Enhanced Insulin Sensitivity in Ahnak-/- Mice Fed a High Fat Diet Are Related to Impaired Adipogenesis and Increased Energy Expenditure.
Recent trends in colonic diverticulosis in Yokohama City: a possibility of changing to a more Western profile.
Dietary Patterns Seem to Influence the Development of Perfusion Changes in Cardiac Syndrome X Patients.
Feasibility of a Healthy Trolley Index to assess dietary quality of the household food supply.
Red Blood Cell Dysfunction Induced by High-Fat Diet: Potential Implications for Obesity-Related Atherosclerosis.
Atherothrombosis: Seeing Red?
Effect of resveratrol on metabolic and cardiovascular function in male and female adult offspring exposed to prenatal hypoxia and a high-fat diet.
Training-induced anti-atherosclerotic effects are associated with increased vascular PPARgamma expression in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice.
Anti-steatotic effects of an n-3 LCPUFA and extra virgin olive oil mixture in the liver of mice subjected to high-fat diet.
Inhibitory effects of Aster spathulifolius extract on adipogenesis and lipid accumulation in 3T3-L1 preadipocytes.
In vitro and in vivo antioxidant activity of polyphenols extracted from black highland barley.
Mechanisms linking obesity to altered metabolism in mice colon carcinogenesis.
Hepatocyte X-box binding protein 1 deficiency increases liver injury in mice fed a high-fat/sugar diet.
High-fat diet-induced metabolic disorders impairs 5-HT function and anxiety-like behavior in mice.
Insulin secretion in health and disease: nutrients dictate the pace.
Comparison of active dry yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae) and yeast culture for growth performance, carcass traits, meat quality and blood indexes in finishing bulls.
Fillet Proximate Composition, Lipid Quality, Yields and Organoleptic Quality of Mediterranean Farmed Marine Fish: A Review with Emphasis on New Species.
Murine Norovirus Infection Variably Alters Atherosclerosis in Mice Lacking Apolipoprotein E.
Divergent responses of viral and bacterial communities in the gut microbiome to dietary disturbances in mice.
Inhibition of hedgehog signaling ameliorates hepatic inflammation in mice with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Optimized Rapeseed Oils Rich in Endogenous Micronutrients Protect High Fat Diet Fed Rats from Hepatic Lipid Accumulation and Oxidative Stress.
Changes seen in gut bacteria content and distribution with obesity: causation or association?
Naturally Occurring Stilbenoid TSG Reverses Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Diseases via Gut-Liver Axis.
Purinergic receptor X7 mediates leptin induced GLUT4 function in stellate cells in nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
Myeloperoxidase-derived hypochlorous acid promotes ox-LDL-induced senescence of endothelial cells through a mechanism involving β-catenin signaling in hyperlipidemia.
Catalpol ameliorates high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance and adipose tissue inflammation by suppressing the JNK and NF-κB pathways.
The nutritional composition and anti-obesity effects of an herbal mixed extract containing Allium fistulosum and Viola mandshurica in high-fat-diet-induced obese mice.
Inclusion of phytogenic blends in different nutrient density diets of meat-type ducks.
Intravenous injection of microvesicle-delivery miR-130b alleviates high-fat diet-induced obesity in C57BL/6 mice through translational repression of PPAR-γ.
Glucomannan and glucomannan plus spirulina added to pork significantly block dietary cholesterol effects on lipoproteinemia, arylesterase activity, and CYP7A1 expression in Zucker fa/fa rats.
Effect of Hibiscus sabdariffa extract on high fat diet-induced obesity and liver damage in hamsters.
Translating a heart disease lifestyle intervention into the community: the South Asian Heart Lifestyle Intervention (SAHELI) study; a randomized control trial.
Intragastric pH and pressure profiles after intake of the high-caloric, high-fat meal as used for food effect studies.
A possible link between hepatic mitochondrial dysfunction and diet-induced insulin resistance.
Food supplementation with rice bran enzymatic extract prevents vascular apoptosis and atherogenesis in ApoE-/- mice.
Identification and quantification of triacylglycerols containing n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in bovine milk.
Cholesterol-lowering effects and potential mechanisms of different polar extracts from Cyclocarya paliurus leave in hyperlipidemic mice.
Cyanidin 3-glucoside improves diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rats.
Heat shock protein 60 stimulates the migration of vascular smooth muscle cells via Toll-like receptor 4 and ERK MAPK activation.
Glucocorticoid Receptor Mediates the Effect of High-Fat Diet on Mitochondrial Oxidative Phosphorylation in Mouse Liver.
Alcohol and high fat induced chronic pancreatitis: TRPV4 antagonist reduces hypersensitivity.
The effects of high-intensity interval training on glucose regulation and insulin resistance: a meta-analysis.
Lipid-soluble nutrient status of healthy Omani school children before and after intervention with oily fish meal or re-esterified triacylglycerol fish oil.
Estimation of salt intake assessed by urinary excretion of sodium over 24 h in Spanish subjects aged 7-11 years.
SphK1 mediates hepatic inflammation in a mouse model of NASH induced by high saturated fat feeding and initiates proinflammatory signaling in hepatocytes.
The Effect of the Mediterranean Diet on Hypertension: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
[Effects of hydrogen sulfide donor on production of adrenomedullin and atrial natriuretic peptide in rats with atherosclerosis].
[Effects of intrauterine growth restriction and high-fat diet on serum lipid and transcriptional levels of related hepatic genes in rats].
Phosphatidylinositol 3,4,5-Trisphosphate Phosphatase SKIP Links Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress in Skeletal Muscle to Insulin Resistance.
Dietary fat overload reprograms brown fat mitochondria.
Genome-wide profiling to analyze the effects of high fat diet induced obesity on renal gene expression in mouse with reduced renal mass.
Gene expression in rat models for inter-generational transmission of islet dysfunction and obesity.
Transcriptome profiling of white adipose tissue in a mouse model for 15q duplication syndrome.
Perception of receiving SMS based health messages among hypertensive individuals in urban slums.
NaoXinTong Inhibits the Advanced Atherosclerosis and Enhances the Plaque Stability in Apolipoprotein E Deficient Mice.
Combined parental obesity augments single-parent obesity effects on hypothalamus inflammation, leptin signaling (JAK/STAT), hyperphagia, and obesity in the adult mice offspring.
3,5 Diiodo-L-Thyronine (T2) Does Not Prevent Hepatic Steatosis or Insulin Resistance in Fat-Fed Sprague Dawley Rats.
The PGE2 EP3 Receptor Regulates Diet-Induced Adiposity in Male Mice.
Increased intramyocellular lipid/impaired insulin sensitivity is associated with altered lipid metabolic genes in muscle of high responders to a high-fat diet.
Diabetes prevalence in NZO females depends on estrogen action on liver fat content.
Gastric inhibitory polypeptide immunoneutralization attenuates development of obesity in mice.
Dietary intake in Swedish medical students during 2007-2012.
Fenofibrate Reverses Palmitate Induced Impairment in Glucose Uptake in Skeletal Muscle Cells by Preventing Cytosolic Ceramide Accumulation.
Endothelial Cell Autophagy in Atherosclerosis is Regulated by miR-30-Mediated Translational Control of ATG6.
Farnesoid X Receptor Expression Reduced in Obese Rat Model With Insulin Resistance.
Atherosclerosis-Associated Endothelial Cell Apoptosis by MiR-429-Mediated Down Regulation of Bcl-2.
Polyphenolic extract from Hibiscus sabdariffa reduces body fat by inhibiting hepatic lipogenesis and preadipocyte adipogenesis.
Impaired LRP6-TCF7L2 Activity Enhances Smooth Muscle Cell Plasticity and Causes Coronary Artery Disease.
SIRT1 protects against myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury via activating eNOS in diabetic rats.
Effects of low glycaemic index/low glycaemic load vs. high glycaemic index/ high glycaemic load diets on overweight/obesity and associated risk factors in children and adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Investigation of cytokines, oxidative stress, metabolic, and inflammatory biomarkers after orange juice consumption by normal and overweight subjects.
Activation of placental insulin and mTOR signaling in a mouse model of maternal obesity associated with fetal overgrowth.
Increased placental fatty acid transporter 6 and binding protein 3 expression and fetal liver lipid accumulation in a mouse model of obesity in pregnancy.
Casein Compared with Whey Proteins Affects the Organization of Dietary Fat during Digestion and Attenuates the Postprandial Triglyceride Response to a Mixed High-Fat Meal in Healthy, Overweight Men.
Development and Use of a Traditional Mexican Diet Score in Relation to Systemic Inflammation and Insulin Resistance among Women of Mexican Descent.
Combined Mulberry Leaf and Fruit Extract Improved Early Stage of Cutaneous Wound Healing in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Hepatoprotective Activity of Easter Lily (Lilium longiflorum Thunb.) Bulb Extracts.
Atherosclerotic Plaque Destabilization in Mice: A Comparative Study.
(-)-Epicatechin-3-O-β-D-allopyranoside from Davallia formosana, Prevents Diabetes and Hyperlipidemia by Regulation of Glucose Transporter 4 and AMP-Activated Protein Kinase Phosphorylation in High-Fat-Fed Mice.
Nighttime Administration of Nicotine Improves Hepatic Glucose Metabolism via the Hypothalamic Orexin System in Mice.
Chronic rapamycin treatment exacerbates metabolism and does not down-regulate mTORC2/Akt signaling in diabetic mice induced by high-fat diet and streptozotocin.
Ameliorative potential of gingerol: Promising modulation of inflammatory factors and lipid marker enzymes expressions in HFD induced obesity in rats.
Effects of black adzuki bean (Vigna angularis, Geomguseul) extract on body composition and hypothalamic neuropeptide expression in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Maternal high-fat diet-induced programing of gut taste receptor and inflammatory gene expression in rat offspring is ameliorated by CLA supplementation.
Murine models provide insight to the development of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
The protective role of the opioid antagonist LY255582 in the management of high fat diet-induced obesity in adult male albino rats.
The oral [(13)C]bicarbonate technique for measurement of short-term energy expenditure of sled dogs and their physiological response to diets with different fat:carbohydrate ratios.
[THE USE OF PROTON MAGNETIC RESONANCE SPECTROSCOPY IN THE PATIENTS WITH FATTY INFILTRATION OF THE LIVER].
Robust Early Inflammation of the Peripancreatic Visceral Adipose Tissue During Diet-Induced Obesity in the KrasG12D Model of Pancreatic Cancer.
A Trial of Lifestyle Modification on Cardiopulmonary, Inflammatory, and Metabolic Effects among Obese with Chronic Kidney Disease.
Evolution of metabolic disorder in rats fed high sucrose or high fat diet: Focus on redox state and mitochondrial function.
Deteriorated glucose metabolism with a high-protein, low-carbohydrate diet in db mice, an animal model of type 2 diabetes, might be caused by insufficient insulin secretion.
Toll-like receptor-2 and -4 are associated with hyperlipidemia.
Salvia libanotica improves glycemia and serum lipid profile in rats fed a high fat diet.
Effects of different cooking methods of oatmeal on preventing the diet-induced increase of cholesterol level in hypercholesterolemic rats.
High fat diet-induced inflammation and oxidative stress are attenuated by N-acetylneuraminic acid in rats.
Fucoidan ameliorates steatohepatitis and insulin resistance by suppressing oxidative stress and inflammatory cytokines in experimental non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
From surveillance to development of nutritional guidelines.
Prenatal notch1 receptor blockade by protein delta homolog 1 (DLK1) modulates adipocyte size in vivo.
Surgical removal of inflamed epididymal white adipose tissue attenuates the development of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in obesity.
Isocaloric fructose restriction and metabolic improvement in children with obesity and metabolic syndrome.
Influence of dietary protein on postprandial blood glucose levels in individuals with Type 1 diabetes mellitus using intensive insulin therapy.
Quercetin suppresses immune cell accumulation and improves mitochondrial gene expression in adipose tissue of diet-induced obese mice.
Rice and soy protein isolate in pre-starter diets for broilers.
A high protein diet (3.4 g/kg/d) combined with a heavy resistance training program improves body composition in healthy trained men and women--a follow-up investigation.
E4orf1 induction in adipose tissue promotes insulin-independent signaling in the adipocyte.
The role of GluN2A and GluN2B NMDA receptor subunits in AgRP and POMC neurons on body weight and glucose homeostasis.
TIMP3 interplays with apelin to regulate cardiovascular metabolism in hypercholesterolemic mice.
Preventive effect of total glycosides from Ligustri Lucidi Fructus against nonalcoholic fatty liver in mice.
Neural activation patterns underlying basolateral amygdala influence on intra-accumbens opioid-driven consummatory versus appetitive high-fat feeding behaviors in the rat.
Genome-wide identification of microRNAs regulating cholesterol and triglyceride homeostasis.
Effects of Dietary Plant Sterols and Stanol Esters with Low- and High-Fat Diets in Chronic and Acute Models for Experimental Colitis.
The effects of DASH diet on weight loss and metabolic status in adults with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomized clinical trial.
Forkhead Box P1 (FOXP1) Transcription Factor Regulates Hepatic Glucose Homeostasis.
Blackcurrant Suppresses Metabolic Syndrome Induced by High-Fructose Diet in Rats.
Erchen Decoction Prevents High-Fat Diet Induced Metabolic Disorders in C57BL/6 Mice.
Effects of Soothing Liver and Invigorating Spleen Recipes on the IKKβ-NF-κB Signaling Pathway in Kupffer Cells of Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis Rats.
Deepure Tea Improves High Fat Diet-Induced Insulin Resistance and Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Swim Training Improves HOMA-IR in Type 2 Diabetes Induced by High Fat Diet and Low Dose of Streptozotocin in Male Rats.
Role of a clinical pharmacist in managing diabetic nephropathy: an approach of pharmaceutical care plan.
Deciphering hepatocellular responses to metabolic and oncogenic stress.
Two Healthy Diets Modulate Gut Microbial Community Improving Insulin Sensitivity in a Human Obese Population.
The Ethanol Extract from Lonicera japonica Thunb. Regresses Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis in a Methionine- and Choline-Deficient Diet-Fed Animal Model.
A Comparison of the Anorectic Effect and Safety of the Alpha2-Adrenoceptor Ligands Guanfacine and Yohimbine in Rats with Diet-Induced Obesity.
Effects of maturity and harvest season of grass-clover silage and of forage-to-concentrate ratio on milk production of dairy cows.
Paternal long-term exercise programs offspring for low energy expenditure and increased risk for obesity in mice.
Macronutrient composition determines accumulation of persistent organic pollutants from dietary exposure in adipose tissue of mice.
Effect of sardine proteins on hyperglycaemia, hyperlipidaemia and lecithin:cholesterol acyltransferase activity, in high-fat diet-induced type 2 diabetic rats.
Targeted delivery of HGF to the skeletal muscle improves glucose homeostasis in diet-induced obese mice.
Hypophagia and metabolic adaptations in mice with defective ATGL-mediated lipolysis cause resistance to HFD-induced obesity.
Perinatal deiodinase 2 expression in hepatocytes defines epigenetic susceptibility to liver steatosis and obesity.
ACE Reduces Metabolic Abnormalities in a High-Fat Diet Mouse Model.
TCM Formula Xiaoyaosan Decoction Improves Depressive-Like Behaviors in Rats with Type 2 Diabetes.
Gut microbe-derived extracellular vesicles induce insulin resistance, thereby impairing glucose metabolism in skeletal muscle.
Dietary fiber prevents obesity-related liver lipotoxicity by modulating sterol-regulatory element binding protein pathway in C57BL/6J mice fed a high-fat/cholesterol diet.
Modulation of oxidized-LDL receptor-1 (LOX1) contributes to the antiatherosclerosis effect of oleanolic acid.
Roux-en-Y Esophagojejunostomy Ameliorates Renal Function Through Reduction of Renal Inflammatory and Fibrotic Markers in Diabetic Nephropathy.
The Soybean Peptide Vglycin Preserves the Diabetic β-cells through Improvement of Proliferation and Inhibition of Apoptosis.
Flavonoid derivative exerts an antidiabetic effect via AMPK activation in diet-induced obesity mice.
Variation of milk components in the Italian Brown cattle.
Effects of post-suckling n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: prevention of dyslipidemia and liver steatosis induced in rats by a sucrose-rich diet during pre- and post-natal life.
Skeletal Muscle Phospholipid Metabolism Regulates Insulin Sensitivity and Contractile Function.
Effect of a high fat diet on ovary morphology, in vitro development, in vitro fertilisation rate and oocyte quality in mice.
IRAK1 mediates TLR4-induced ABCA1 downregulation and lipid accumulation in VSMCs.
Esculentin-2CHa-Related Peptides Modulate Islet Cell Function and Improve Glucose Tolerance in Mice with Diet-Induced Obesity and Insulin Resistance.
Resistant starch and protein intake enhances fat oxidation and feelings of fullness in lean and overweight/obese women.
[Epigenetics and Nutrition: maternal nutrition impacts on placental development and health of offspring].
Hypercholesterolemia and Ecto-enzymes of Purinergic System: Effects of Paullinia cupana.
Position of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics: Health Implications of Dietary Fiber.
Deletion of Cyclophilin D Impairs β-Oxidation and Promotes Glucose Metabolism.
JAK2 promotes brown adipose tissue function and is required for diet- and cold-induced thermogenesis in mice.
Immunoproteasome subunit LMP7 Deficiency Improves Obesity and Metabolic Disorders.
[CHIP Germany: Impact of a Lifestyle Coaching Intervention on Nutritional Behaviour Change in Primary and Secondary Prevention of Type 2 Diabetes and the Importance of Social-Cognitive Variables].
Heat Killed Lactobacillus reuteri GMNL-263 Reduces Fibrosis Effects on the Liver and Heart in High Fat Diet-Hamsters via TGF-β Suppression.
NF-κB Inhibition Resolves Cognitive Deficits in Experimental Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus through CREB and Glutamate/GABA Neurotransmitters Pathway.
Endothelial-to-mesenchymal transition drives atherosclerosis progression.
Potential link between excess added sugar intake and ectopic fat: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Chronic High-Fat Feeding Affects the Mesenchymal Cell Population Expanded From Adipose Tissue but Not Cardiac Atria.
High-fat diet-induced obesity exacerbates kainic acid-induced hippocampal cell death.
Tyrosol Attenuates High Fat Diet-Induced Hepatic Oxidative Stress: Potential Involvement of Cystathionine β-Synthase and Cystathionine γ-Lyase.
Diet-induced dyslipidemia leads to nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and oxidative stress in guinea pigs.
Deep sequencing shows microRNA involvement in bovine mammary gland adaptation to diets supplemented with linseed oil or safflower oil.
Adipose-derived mesenchymal stem cells improve glucose homeostasis in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Western diet-induced hepatic steatosis and alterations in the liver transcriptome in adult Brown-Norway rats.
An apolipoprotein B100 mimotope prevents obesity in mice.
CD11c/CD18 Signals Very Late Antigen-4 Activation To Initiate Foamy Monocyte Recruitment during the Onset of Hypercholesterolemia.
Context- and dose-dependent modulatory effects of naringenin on survival and development of Drosophila melanogaster.
LR11/SorLA links triglyceride-rich lipoproteins to risk of developing cardiovascular disease in FH patients.
miR-27b inhibits LDLR and ABCA1 expression but does not influence plasma and hepatic lipid levels in mice.
Differential associations of cardiovascular disease risk factors with relative wealth in urban-dwelling South Africans.
Relationship between inflammation, the gut microbiota, and metabolic osteoarthritis development: studies in a rat model.
Toll-like receptor 4-induced endoplasmic reticulum stress contributes to impairment of vasodilator action of insulin.
Obesity Leads to Tissue, but not Serum Vitamin A Deficiency.
Cholesterol induces lipoprotein lipase expression in a tree shrew (Tupaia belangeri chinensis) model of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Vitamin D deficiency impairs glucose-stimulated insulin secretion and increases insulin resistance by reducing PPAR-γ expression in nonobese Type 2 diabetic rats.
Selenite exacerbates hepatic insulin resistance in mouse model of type 2 diabetes through oxidative stress-mediated JNK pathway.
Sparstolonin B inhibits lipopolysaccharide-induced inflammation in 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
Berberine treatment prevents cardiac dysfunction and remodeling through activation of 5'-adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase in type 2 diabetic rats and in palmitate-induced hypertrophic H9c2 cells.
Role of pentoxifylline in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in high-fat diet-induced obesity in mice.
FcRγ-chain deficiency reduces the development of diet-induced obesity.
Dehydroepiandrosterone-enhanced dual specificity protein phosphatase (DDSP) prevents diet-induced and genetic obesity.
Optimal lysine:DE ratio in growing pigs is independent of starch or fat as main energy source at two energy intake levels.
Effect of including high-lipid by-product pellets in substitution for barley grain and canola meal in finishing diets for beef cattle on ruminal fermentation and nutrient digestibility.
Effects of dry-rolled or high-moisture corn with twenty-five or forty-five percent wet distillers' grains with solubles on energy metabolism, nutrient digestibility, and macromineral balance in finishing beef steers.
Human umbilical cord-derived mesenchymal stem cells elicit macrophages into an anti-inflammatory phenotype to alleviate insulin resistance in type 2 diabetic rats.
Disconnect between adipose tissue inflammation and cardiometabolic dysfunction in Ossabaw pigs.
[Effects of fenofibrate on hepatocyte apoptosis in nonalcoholic fatty liver].
[Increase in Alkaline Phosphatase Activity after High-Fat Meal Ingestion is Correlated to the Amount of ABH Substances in Saliva].
Deleterious effects of lard-enriched diet on tissues fatty acids composition and hypothalamic insulin actions.
Microbiota-Dependent Hepatic Lipogenesis Mediated by Stearoyl CoA Desaturase 1 (SCD1) Promotes Metabolic Syndrome in TLR5-Deficient Mice.
Inhibition of HMGB1 release via salvianolic acid B-mediated SIRT1 up-regulation protects rats against non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Green tea supplementation benefits body composition and improves bone properties in obese female rats fed with high-fat diet and caloric restricted diet.
Tissue Specific Effects of Dietary Carbohydrates and Obesity on ChREBPα and ChREBPβ Expression.
Low n-6/n-3 PUFA Ratio Improves Lipid Metabolism, Inflammation, Oxidative Stress and Endothelial Function in Rats Using Plant Oils as n-3 Fatty Acid Source.
Efficacy of the Type 2 Diabetes Prevention Using LifeStyle Education Program RCT.
Role of leptin in body temperature regulation and lipid metabolism following splenectomy.
Consumption Of Specific Foods And Beverages And Excess Weight Gain Among Children And Adolescents.
Puberty-specific promotion of mammary tumorigenesis by a high animal fat diet.
A new Agkistrodon halys venom-purified protein C activator prevents myocardial fibrosis in diabetic rats.
Immunologic and metabolic effects of high-refined carbohydrate-containing diet in food allergic mice.
Long-term, calorie-restricted intake of a high-fat diet in rats reduces impulse control and ventral striatal D2 receptor signalling - two markers of addiction vulnerability.
Hepatic fat fraction and visceral adipose tissue fatty acid composition in mice: Quantification with 7.0T MRI.
Effect of low-fat diet interventions versus other diet interventions on long-term weight change in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Exercise Training Improves Whole Body Insulin Resistance via Adiponectin Receptor 1.
Evidence for hypothalamic ketone body sensing: impact on food intake and peripheral metabolic responses in mice.
Oral supplementations with L-glutamine or L-alanyl-L-glutamine do not change metabolic alterations induced by long-term high-fat diet in the B6.129F2/J mouse model of insulin resistance.
Maternal high-fat diet and obesity impact palatable food intake and dopamine signaling in nonhuman primate offspring.
Effects of carbohydrate quantity and glycemic index on resting metabolic rate and body composition during weight loss.
Effects of high-fat feeding on ectopic fat storage and postprandial lipid metabolism in mouse offspring.
Impaired GLP-1 signaling contributes to reduced sensitivity to duodenal nutrients in obesity-prone rats during high-fat feeding.
Hematopoietic ABCA1 deletion promotes monocytosis and worsens diet-induced insulin resistance in mice.
Renoprotective effects of berberine and its potential effect on the expression of β-arrestins and intercellular adhesion molecule-1 and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 in streptozocin-diabetic nephropathy rats.
A Western dietary pattern is associated with higher blood pressure in Iranian adolescents.
Megalin-Mediated Tubuloglomerular Alterations in High-Fat Diet-Induced Kidney Disease.
Interference with PPARγ in endothelium accelerates angiotensin II-induced endothelial dysfunction.
Green Tea Extract Rich in Epigallocatechin-3-Gallate Prevents Fatty Liver by AMPK Activation via LKB1 in Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Loss of CD24 in Mice Leads to Metabolic Dysfunctions and a Reduction in White Adipocyte Tissue.
miR-27 impairs the adipogenic lineage commitment via targeting lysyl oxidase.
TM-25659-Induced Activation of FGF21 Level Decreases Insulin Resistance and Inflammation in Skeletal Muscle via GCN2 Pathways.
Elemental changes in the hippocampal formation following two different formulas of ketogenic diet: an X-ray fluorescence microscopy study.
Maternal obesity disrupts the methionine cycle in baboon pregnancy.
Chronic exposure to low doses of lipopolysaccharide and high-fat feeding increases body mass without affecting glucose tolerance in female rats.
Reduced vagal control of the heart in high-fat diet mice: a potential role of increased butyrylcholinesterase.
Lipoprotein(A) with An Intact Lysine Binding Site Protects the Retina From an Age-Related Macular Degeneration Phenotype in Mice (An American Ophthalmological Society Thesis).
Effect of Compound Chuanxiong Capsule on Inflammatory Reaction and PI3K/Akt/NF-κB Signaling Pathway in Atherosclerosis.
Short-term, high-fat diet accelerates disuse atrophy and protein degradation in a muscle-specific manner in mice.
Comparative Study on the Cytoprotective Effects of Activated Protein C Treatment in Nonsteatotic and Steatotic Livers under Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury.
Maternal high-fat hypercaloric diet during pregnancy results in persistent metabolic and respiratory abnormalities in offspring.
Loss of Toll-Like Receptor 4 Function Partially Protects against Peripheral and Cardiac Glucose Metabolic Derangements During a Long-Term High-Fat Diet.
Protective Effects of Alisma orientale Extract against Hepatic Steatosis via Inhibition of Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress.
Fermentation of Green Tea with 2% Aquilariae lignum Increases the Anti-Diabetic Activity of Green Tea Aqueous Extracts in the High Fat-Fed Mouse.
Dissecting Long-Term Glucose Metabolism Identifies New Susceptibility Period for Metabolic Dysfunction in Aged Mice.
Time-Course Analysis of Flow Mediated Dilation for the Evaluation of Endothelial Function After a High-Fat Meal in African Americans.
Ferulic acid improves lipid and glucose homeostasis in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Apelin regulates FoxO3 translocation to mediate cardioprotective responses to myocardial injury and obesity.
Modelling maternal obesity: the effects of a chronic high-fat, high-cholesterol diet on uterine expression of contractile-associated proteins and ex vivo contractile activity during labour in the rat.
NG2 Proteoglycan Ablation Reduces Foam Cell Formation and Atherogenesis via Decreased Low-Density Lipoprotein Retention by Synthetic Smooth Muscle Cells.
Additive effect of linseed oil supplementation on the lipid profiles of older adults.
Management of the Metabolic Syndrome and the Obese Patient with Metabolic Disturbances: South Asian Perspective.
Association of a Dietary Score with Incident Type 2 Diabetes: The Dietary-Based Diabetes-Risk Score (DDS).
Apolipoprotein E-deficient rats develop atherosclerotic plaques in partially ligated carotid arteries.
Plasmalogen modulation attenuates atherosclerosis in ApoE- and ApoE/GPx1-deficient mice.
ASSOCIATIONS BETWEEN ENERGY AND FAT INTAKES WITH ADIPOSITY IN SCHOOLCHILDREN - THE CUENCA STUDY.
MATERNAL AND POST-WEANING EXPOSURE TO A HIGH FAT DIET PROMOTES VISCERAL OBESITY AND HEPATIC STEATOSIS IN ADULT RATS.
NUTRITIONAL AND METABOLIC ASSESSMENT IN OVERWEIGHT PATIENTS WITH AND WITHOUT HYPERPROLACTINEMIA CAUSED BY PROLACTINOMA.
BODY COMPOSITION AND SOMATOTYPE OF PROFESSIONAL AND U23 HAND BASQUE PELOTA PLAYERS.
[CONSUMPTION OF READY-TO-EAT CEREAL IS INVERSELY ASSOCIATED WITH BODY MASS INDEX IN 6-13 YEARS OLD CHILEAN SCHOOLCHILDREN].
The direction of cross affects [corrected] obesity after puberty in male but not female offspring.
Time course of cardiometabolic alterations in a high fat high sucrose diet mice model and improvement after GLP-1 analog treatment using multimodal cardiovascular magnetic resonance.
Effects of Selenium-Enriched Probiotics on Lipid Metabolism, Antioxidative Status, Histopathological Lesions, and Related Gene Expression in Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet.
A randomised trial comparing low-fat diets differing in carbohydrate and protein ratio, combined with regular moderate intensity exercise, on glycaemic control, cardiometabolic risk factors, food cravings, cognitive function and psychological wellbeing in adults with type 2 diabetes: Study protocol.
Anaplerotic treatment of long-chain fat oxidation disorders with triheptanoin: Review of 15 years Experience.
Probiotics: a proactive approach to health. A symposium report.
Sequential changes in autophagy in diabetic cardiac fibrosis.
Mitochondria-related miR-141-3p contributes to mitochondrial dysfunction in HFD-induced obesity by inhibiting PTEN.
Enteric lactoferrin attenuates the development of high-fat and high-cholesterol diet-induced hypercholesterolemia and atherosclerosis in Microminipigs.
Thermoneutral Housing Accelerates Metabolic Inflammation to Potentiate Atherosclerosis but Not Insulin Resistance.
Corn Gluten Hydrolysate Affects the Time-Course of Metabolic Changes Through Appetite Control in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Rats.
Effects of calcitriol on structural changes of kidney in C57BL/6J mouse model.
Vibration exercise decreases insulin resistance and modulates the insulin signaling pathway in a type 2 diabetic rat model.
Association between IL-6 and related risk factors of metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease in young rats.
Furosemide Pharmacokinetics in Adult Rats become Abnormal with an Adverse Intrauterine Environment and Modulated by a Post-Weaning High-Fat Diet.
Evaluation of physicochemical properties and in vivo efficiency of atorvastatin calcium/ezetimibe solid dispersions.
Rolipram-induced improvement of cognitive function correlates with changes in hippocampal CREB phosphorylation, BDNF and Arc protein levels.
Inhibition of STAT3 activity delays obesity-induced thyroid carcinogenesis in a mouse model.
[Impact of an intervention improving the food supply (excluding school meals) with educational support in middle and high schools].
Endothelial NOTCH1 is suppressed by circulating lipids and antagonizes inflammation during atherosclerosis.
Esculin improves dyslipidemia, inflammation and renal damage in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
A high-fat diet is associated with otitis media with effusion.
Re-Examining High-Fat Diets for Sports Performance: Did We Call the 'Nail in the Coffin' Too Soon?
Carbohydrate Dependence During Prolonged, Intense Endurance Exercise.
Weight Management for Athletes and Active Individuals: A Brief Review.
Dietary and donepezil modulation of mTOR signaling and neuroinflammation in the brain.
[Eating behaviours of italian adults: results of the Osservatorio epidemiologico cardiovascolare/Health Examination Survey].
The effect of moderate alcohol consumption on biomarkers of inflammation and hemostatic factors in postmenopausal women.
Dietary licorice root supplementation reduces diet-induced weight gain, lipid deposition, and hepatic steatosis in ovariectomized mice without stimulating reproductive tissues and mammary gland.
Gut microbiota and diet in patients with different glucose tolerance.
Oral Fat Sensing and CD36 Gene Polymorphism in Algerian Lean and Obese Teenagers.
Nutritional Modulation of Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and Insulin Resistance.
Novel understanding of ABC transporters ABCB1/MDR/P-glycoprotein, ABCC2/MRP2, and ABCG2/BCRP in colorectal pathophysiology.
Chronic effects of aerobic exercise on gene expression of LOX-1 receptor in the heart of rats fed with high fat diet.
Hypolipidemic and Hepatic Steatosis Preventing Activities of the Wood Ear Medicinal Mushroom Auricularia auricula-judae (Higher Basidiomycetes) Ethanol Extract In Vivo and In Vitro.
Identifying consumer preferences for specific beef flavor characteristics in relation to cattle production and postmortem processing parameters.
Analysis of the Usefulness of Optical Coherence Tomography and Intravascular Ultrasonography for the Examination of Rabbit Atherosclerotic Plaques.
Dietary fat intake and risk of cardiovascular disease and all-cause mortality in a population at high risk of cardiovascular disease.
Intake of carbohydrates during pregnancy in obese women is associated with fat mass in the newborn offspring.
Insulin resistance determines a differential response to changes in dietary fat modification on metabolic syndrome risk factors: the LIPGENE study.
Vaccenic acid and trans fatty acid isomers from partially hydrogenated oil both adversely affect LDL cholesterol: a double-blind, randomized controlled trial.
Knockdown of neuropeptide Y in the dorsomedial hypothalamus reverses high-fat diet-induced obesity and impaired glucose tolerance in rats.
The Role of Maternal Dietary Proteins in Development of Metabolic Syndrome in Offspring.
Androgen Deficiency Exacerbates High-Fat Diet-Induced Metabolic Alterations in Male Mice.
VGF Peptide Profiles in Type 2 Diabetic Patients' Plasma and in Obese Mice.
Search for an Endogenous Bombesin-Like Receptor 3 (BRS-3) Ligand Using Parabiotic Mice.
Development and validation of an HPLC-MS method for the simultaneous quantification of key oxysterols, endocannabinoids, and ceramides: variations in metabolic syndrome.
Obesity-induced chronic inflammation in high fat diet challenged C57BL/6J mice is associated with acceleration of age-dependent renal amyloidosis.
Akkermansia muciniphila inversely correlates with the onset of inflammation, altered adipose tissue metabolism and metabolic disorders during obesity in mice.
How important is the relative balance of fat and carbohydrate as sources of energy in relation to health?
[Trend of dietary nutrient intake among adult females in 9 provinces in China, 2000-2011].
Glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor protects against high-fat diet-induced hepatic steatosis by suppressing hepatic PPAR-γ expression.
Melatonin Upregulates the Activity of AMPK and Attenuates Lipid Accumulation in Alcohol-induced Rats.
Deletion of Periostin Protects Against Atherosclerosis in Mice by Altering Inflammation and Extracellular Matrix Remodeling.
Emerging role of podocyte autophagy in the progression of diabetic nephropathy.
Blue-Green Algae Inhibit the Development of Atherosclerotic Lesions in Apolipoprotein E Knockout Mice.
High-fat diet intake from senescence inhibits the attenuation of cell functions and the degeneration of villi with aging in the small intestine, and inhibits the attenuation of lipid absorption ability in SAMP8 mice.
Dietary polyphenols increase fecal mucin and immunoglobulin A and ameliorate the disturbance in gut microbiota caused by a high fat diet.
Perspective of Small-Molecule AdipoR Agonist for Type 2 Diabetes and Short Life in Obesity.
Dietary Patterns and Their Associations with the Diet Quality Index-International (DQI-I) in Korean Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Effects of Resistant Starch and Arabinoxylan on Parameters Related to Large Intestinal and Metabolic Health in Pigs Fed Fat-Rich Diets.
Endothelial PPAR-γ provides vascular protection from IL-1β-induced oxidative stress.
Effect of nutritional status and dietary patterns on human serum C-reactive protein and interleukin-6 concentrations.
To assess the association between vertebral marrow fat content and colorectal adenoma in postmenopausal women using magnetic resonance spectroscopy.
Variable responses of human and non-human primate gut microbiomes to a Western diet.
Effect of feeding ensiled mixture of pomegranate pulp and drier feeds on digestibility and milk performance in dairy cows.
Healthy Eating Index in Patients With Cataract: A Case-Control Study.
Polyphenol-Rich Fraction of Ecklonia cava Improves Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in High Fat Diet-Fed Mice.
Dietary Patterns during Pregnancy Are Associated with Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Microbiota depletion promotes browning of white adipose tissue and reduces obesity.
The Role of Nitric Oxide in the Antidepressant Actions of 5-Aminoimidazole-4-Carboxamide-1-β-D-Ribofuranoside in Insulin-Resistant Mice.
A Long-Term High-Fat/High-Sucrose Diet Promotes Kidney Lipid Deposition and Causes Apoptosis and Glomerular Hypertrophy in Bama Minipigs.
Li-Gan-Shi-Liu-Ba-Wei-San improves non-alcoholic fatty liver disease through enhancing lipid oxidation and alleviating oxidation stress.
Post-weaning high-fat diet accelerates kidney injury, but not hypertension programmed by maternal diabetes.
Response to diet-induced obesity produces time-dependent induction and progression of metabolic osteoarthritis in rat knees.
Analysis of the effect of a novel therapeutic for type 2 diabetes on the proteome of a muscle cell line.
Transgenerational epigenetic inheritance of diabetes risk as a consequence of early nutritional imbalances.
Central Renin-Angiotensin System Activation and Inflammation Induced by High-Fat Diet Sensitize Angiotensin II-Elicited Hypertension.
Citrus flavonoid, naringenin, increases locomotor activity and reduces diacylglycerol accumulation in skeletal muscle of obese ovariectomized mice.
Effects of abhydrolase domain containing 5 gene (ABHD5) expression and variations on chicken fat metabolism.
Transcription factor C/EBPβ promotes the transcription of the porcine GPR120 gene.
Early impairment of coronary microvascular perfusion capacity in rats on a high fat diet.
Low Carbohydrate-Diet Scores and Long-term Risk of Type 2 Diabetes Among Women With a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Cohort Study.
NADPH oxidase 4 protects against development of endothelial dysfunction and atherosclerosis in LDL receptor deficient mice.
Early inflammation-associated factors blunt sterol regulatory element-binding proteins-1-mediated lipogenesis in high-fat diet-fed APP<sub>SWE</sub> /PSEN1dE9 mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Transcriptional and Translational Modulation of myo-Inositol Oxygenase (Miox) by Fatty Acids: IMPLICATIONS IN RENAL TUBULAR INJURY INDUCED IN OBESITY AND DIABETES.
p53 regulates expression of uncoupling protein 1 through binding and repression of PPARγ coactivator-1α.
High Fat High Cholesterol Diet (Western Diet) Aggravates Atherosclerosis, Hyperglycemia and Renal Failure in Nephrectomized LDL Receptor Knockout Mice: Role of Intestine Derived Lipopolysaccharide.
The Subtle Balance between Lipolysis and Lipogenesis: A Critical Point in Metabolic Homeostasis.
Fat Quality Influences the Obesogenic Effect of High Fat Diets.
Metabolism Regulates Exposure of Pancreatic Islets to Circulating Molecules In Vivo.
Undernourishment in utero Primes Hepatic Steatosis in Adult Mice Offspring on an Obesogenic Diet; Involvement of Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress.
TLR4 Signaling via NANOG Cooperates With STAT3 to Activate Twist1 and Promote Formation of Tumor-Initiating Stem-Like Cells in Livers of Mice.
Maternal Genistein Intake Can Reduce Body Weight in Male Offspring.
Anthocyanin-rich Phytochemicals from Aronia Fruits Inhibit Visceral Fat Accumulation and Hyperglycemia in High-fat Diet-induced Dietary Obese Rats.
Effects of Aster scaber Seed Oil Containing trans-Δ3 Fatty Acids on Lipid Profiles of Hamsters and Rats.
Calcium supplementation modulates gut microbiota in a prebiotic manner in dietary obese mice.
Mechanism of sphingosine-1-phosphate induced cardioprotection against I/R injury in diabetic rat heart: Possible involvement of glycogen synthase kinase 3β and mitochondrial permeability transition pore.
Adipose tissue macrophages induce PPARγ-high FOXP3(+) regulatory T cells.
Muscle-specific deletion of signal transducer and activator of transcription 5 augments lipid accumulation in skeletal muscle and liver of mice in response to high-fat diet.
The effect of 6 days of alpha glycerylphosphorylcholine on isometric strength.
FXR expression is associated with dysregulated glucose and lipid levels in the offspring kidney induced by maternal obesity.
High fat plus high cholesterol diet lead to hepatic steatosis in zebrafish larvae: a novel model for screening anti-hepatic steatosis drugs.
Metformin for cancer and aging prevention: is it a time to make the long story short?
Spent turmeric reduces fat mass in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Trenbolone Improves Cardiometabolic Risk Factors and Myocardial Tolerance to Ischemia-Reperfusion in Male Rats With Testosterone-Deficient Metabolic Syndrome.
A novel gastrointestinal microbiome modulator from soy pods reduces absorption of dietary fat in mice.
Osteoarthritis-like pathologic changes in the knee joint induced by environmental disruption of circadian rhythms is potentiated by a high-fat diet.
Skeletal muscle mitochondrial uncoupling prevents diabetes but not obesity in NZO mice, a model for polygenic diabesity.
The metabolic change of serum lysophosphatidylcholines involved in the lipid lowering effect of triterpenes from Alismatis rhizoma on high-fat diet induced hyperlipidemia mice.
The mechanistic basis of hyperoxaluria following gastric bypass in obese rats.
The Evidence for Saturated Fat and for Sugar Related to Coronary Heart Disease.
Uncoupling of Endothelial Nitric Oxide Synthase in Perivascular Adipose Tissue of Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Anti-Obesity Effect of the CB2 Receptor Agonist JWH-015 in Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Mitochondrial coupling and capacity of oxidative phosphorylation in skeletal muscle of Inuit and Caucasians in the arctic winter.
Chlordecone disappearance in tissues of growing goats after a one month decontamination period--effect of body fatness on chlordecone retention.
Gene Expression and Correlation of Pten and Fabp4 in Liver, Muscle, and Adipose Tissues of Type 2 Diabetes Rats.
[Anti-atherosclerotic Effects of Bear Bile Powder in Shexiang Tongxin Dripping Pill: a Mechanism Study].
[The lipid metabolism based on the energy metabolism technology in obese mice induced by a high-fat diet].
[Effect of high-fat diet and food restriction on energy metabolism in obesity-prone and obesity-resistant rats].
Vitamin D-Cellular Ca<sup>2+</sup> link to obesity and diabetes.
Polyphenols and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: impact and mechanisms.
Lipidomic Profiling of Liver Tissue from Obesity-Prone and Obesity-Resistant Mice Fed a High Fat Diet.
Dietary emulsifiers from milk and soybean differently impact adiposity and inflammation in association with modulation of colonic goblet cells in high-fat fed mice.
Isoflavones and phytosterols contained in Xuezhikang capsules modulate cholesterol homeostasis in high-fat diet mice.
Diet composition, not calorie intake, rapidly alters intrinsic excitability of hypothalamic AgRP/NPY neurons in mice.
Fenretinide mediated retinoic acid receptor signalling and inhibition of ceramide biosynthesis regulates adipogenesis, lipid accumulation, mitochondrial function and nutrient stress signalling in adipocytes and adipose tissue.
Epiberberine reduces serum cholesterol in diet-induced dyslipidemia Syrian golden hamsters via network pathways involving cholesterol metabolism.
3,5-diiodo-L-thyronine: A Possible Pharmacological Agent?
Nitroxide pharmaceutical development for age-related degeneration and disease.
Treatment with the SGLT2 inhibitor luseogliflozin improves nonalcoholic steatohepatitis in a rodent model with diabetes mellitus.
Antihyperlipidemic and antioxidant activities of the ethanolic extract of Garcinia cambogia on high fat diet-fed rats.
High-fat Diet-induced Intestinal Hyperpermeability is Associated with Increased Bile Acids in the Large Intestine of Mice.
Adverse effects of AMP-activated protein kinase alpha2-subunit deletion and high-fat diet on heart function and ischemic tolerance in aged female mice.
Betaine increases the butyrylcholinesterase activity in rat plasma.
SENP1-mediated NEMO deSUMOylation in adipocytes limits inflammatory responses and type-1 diabetes progression.
Analyses of a satiety factor NUCB2/nesfatin-1; gene expressions and modulation by different dietary components in dogs.
ε-Viniferin, a resveratrol dimer, prevents diet-induced obesity in mice.
Intermittent access to a sucrose solution impairs metabolism in obesity-prone but not obesity-resistant mice.
Letter by Karasawa and Takahashi Regarding Article, 'Anti-inflammatory and Antiatherogenic Effects of the Inflammasome NLRP3 Inhibitor Arglabin in ApoE2.Ki Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet'.
Response to Letter Regarding Article, 'Anti-inflammatory and Antiatherogenic Effects of the Inflammasome NLRP3 Inhibitor Arglabin in ApoE2.Ki Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet'.
Increased monocyte/neutrophil and pro-coagulant microparticle levels and overexpression of aortic endothelial caveolin-1β in dyslipidemic sand rat, Psammomys obesus.
Vitamin A deficiency suppresses high fructose-induced triglyceride synthesis and elevates resolvin D1 levels.
JTT-130, a novel intestine-specific inhibitor of microsomal triglyceride transfer protein, ameliorates lipid metabolism and attenuates atherosclerosis in hyperlipidemic animal models.
Anti-obesity and anti-diabetic effects of flavonoid derivative (Fla-CN) via microRNA in high fat diet induced obesity mice.
Uromastyx acanthinura as a natural treatment in a mouse model of type 2 diabetes.
Industry Approach to Nutrition-Based Product Development and Reformulation in Asia.
Role of Protein and Amino Acids in Infant and Young Child Nutrition: Protein and Amino Acid Needs and Relationship with Child Growth.
Chrononutrition.
Identification of novel putative adipomyokines by a cross-species annotation of secretomes and expression profiles.
Reduction of Adipose Tissue Mass by the Angiogenesis Inhibitor ALS-L1023 from Melissa officinalis.
Anti-obesity and lipid lowering effects of Cymodocea nodosa sulphated polysaccharide on high cholesterol-fed-rats.
Obesity and metabolic syndrome: pathological effects on the gastrointestinal tract.
Mechanisms of Protective Effect of Ramulus Mori Polysaccharides on Renal Injury in High-Fat Diet/Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Rats.
Effects of Intracerebroventricularly (ICV) Injected Ghrelin on Cardiac Inducible Nitric Oxide Synthase Activity/Expression in Obese Rats.
Dietary Saturated Fat Promotes Development of Hepatic Inflammation Through Toll-Like Receptor 4 in Mice.
Antidiabetic and antihyperlipidemic activities of a novel polyherbal formulation in high fat diet/streptozotocin induced diabetic rat model.
Effects of rosuvastatin and/or β-carotene on non-alcoholic fatty liver in rats.
New-found link between microbiota and obesity.
Weight and blood pressure reduction among participants engaged in a cancer awareness and prevention program.
Urine Metabolomics by (1)H-NMR Spectroscopy Indicates Associations between Serum 3,5-T2 Concentrations and Intermediary Metabolism in Euthyroid Humans.
pNaKtide inhibits Na/K-ATPase reactive oxygen species amplification and attenuates adipogenesis.
Response to dietary-induced energy restriction in dairy sheep divergently selected for resistance or susceptibility to mastitis.
Effect of active sub-fraction of Ichnocarpus frutescens (L.) R.Br. in the management of obesity.
Methyl jasmolate treated buckwheat sprout powder enhances glucose metabolism by potentiating hepatic insulin signaling in estrogen-deficient rats.
Fetuin B Is a Secreted Hepatocyte Factor Linking Steatosis to Impaired Glucose Metabolism.
IL-18 Production from the NLRP1 Inflammasome Prevents Obesity and Metabolic Syndrome.
Astaxanthin prevents and reverses diet-induced insulin resistance and steatohepatitis in mice: A comparison with vitamin E.
Lack of phosphatidylethanolamine N-methyltransferase in mice does not promote fatty acid oxidation in skeletal muscle.
Upregulation of lncRNA MEG3 promotes hepatic insulin resistance via increasing FoxO1 expression.
Lack of endogenous cholecystokinin promotes cholelithogenesis in mice.
New ethanol extraction improves the anti-obesity effects of black tea.
Fructan distribution in banana cultivars and effect of ripening and processing on Nendran banana.
Molecular approach to identify antidiabetic potential of Azadirachta indica.
Bacterial metabolites directly modulate farnesoid X receptor activity.
A short-term transition from a high-fat diet to a normal-fat diet before pregnancy exacerbates female mouse offspring obesity.
Beneficial metabolic actions of a stable GIP agonist following pre-treatment with a SGLT2 inhibitor in high fat fed diabetic mice.
Nutrient-wide association study of 57 foods/nutrients and epithelial ovarian cancer in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition study and the Netherlands Cohort Study.
Changes in milk composition in obese rats consuming a high-fat diet.
Isocaloric Pair-Fed High-Carbohydrate Diet Induced More Hepatic Steatosis and Inflammation than High-Fat Diet Mediated by miR-34a/SIRT1 Axis in Mice.
Dahl SS rats demonstrate enhanced aortic perivascular adipose tissue-mediated buffering of vasoconstriction through activation of NOS in the endothelium.
S100A8 Production in CXCR2-Expressing CD11b+Gr-1high Cells Aggravates Hepatitis in Mice Fed a High-Fat and High-Cholesterol Diet.
Obesity-induced sperm DNA methylation changes at satellite repeats are reprogrammed in rat offspring.
Dietary but not in ovo feeding of Silybum marianum extract resulted in an improvement in performance, immunity and carcass characteristics and decreased the adverse effects of high temperatures in broilers.
Diet and Pancreatic Cancer Prevention.
Nanoformulated copper/zinc superoxide dismutase reduces adipose inflammation in obesity.
Bardoxolone methyl prevents the development and progression of cardiac and renal pathophysiologies in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Effect of proximal versus distal 50% enterectomy on nutritional parameters in rats preconditioned with a high-fat diet or regular chow.
Polychlorinated Biphenyl-Xenobiotic Nuclear Receptor Interactions Regulate Energy Metabolism, Behavior, and Inflammation in Non-alcoholic-Steatohepatitis.
Effect of monensin and essential oils on performance and energy metabolism of transition dairy cows.
From sodium intake restriction to nitrate supplementation: Different measures with converging mechanistic pathways?
Roots extracts of Adenophora triphylla var. japonica improve obesity in 3T3-L1 adipocytes and high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
A high-fat, high-saturated fat diet decreases insulin sensitivity without changing intra-abdominal fat in weight-stable overweight and obese adults.
Deletion of sphingosine kinase 1 ameliorates hepatic steatosis in diet-induced obese mice: Role of PPARγ.
Unsuppressed lipolysis in adipocytes is linked with enhanced gluconeogenesis and altered bile acid physiology in Insr(P1195L/+) mice fed high-fat-diet.
Involvement of pregnane X receptor in the impaired glucose utilization induced by atorvastatin in hepatocytes.
Tryptophan availability for kynurenine pathway metabolism across the life span: Control mechanisms and focus on aging, exercise, diet and nutritional supplements.
Neuroinflammation is not a Prerequisite for Diabetes-induced Tau Phosphorylation.
Bardoxolone Methyl Prevents Mesenteric Fat Deposition and Inflammation in High-Fat Diet Mice.
Male mice are susceptible to high fat diet-induced hyperglycaemia and display increased circulatory retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) levels and its expression in visceral adipose depots.
Fasting and postprandial regulation of the intracellular localization of adiponectin and of adipokines secretion by dietary fat in rats.
[Research on the Combined Detection of Urine UmAlb and Urinary Nephrin, Podocalyxin in Podocyte of MKR Mice with Diabetic Nephropathy].
Electroacupuncture attenuates hepatic lipid accumulation via AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activation in obese rats.
Docosahexaenoic Acid Attenuates Cardiovascular Risk Factors via a Decline in Proprotein Convertase Subtilisin/Kexin Type 9 (PCSK9) Plasma Levels.
High-fat-diet-induced obesity is associated with decreased antiinflammatory Lactobacillus reuteri sensitive to oxidative stress in mouse Peyer's patches.
Role of MCP-1 on inflammatory processes and metabolic dysfunction following high-fat feedings in the FVB/N strain.
Effects of tomato pulp on hepatic steatosis in the rats fed with high fat diet.
Maternal folate deficiency and metabolic dysfunction in offspring.
Decreased acylcarnitine content improves insulin sensitivity in experimental mice models of insulin resistance.
Hepatic role in an early glucose-lowering effect by a novel dipeptidyl peptidase 4 inhibitor, evogliptin, in a rodent model of type 2 diabetes.
Atherogenic Dyslipidemia and Residual Vascular Risk in Practice of Family Doctor.
Rosiglitazone modulates collagen deposition and metabolism in atherosclerotic plaques of fat-fed ApoE-knockout mice.
Relief of diabetes by duodenal-jejunal bypass sleeve implantation in the high-fat diet and streptozotocin-induced diabetic rat model is associated with an increase in GLP-1 levels and the number of GLP-1-positive cells.
Supplemental fermented plant product ('<i>Manda Koso</i>') reduces succinate and deoxycholate, as well as elevates IgA and mucin levels, in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Prohibitin overexpression improves myocardial function in diabetic cardiomyopathy.
Targeting the NLRP3 inflammasome to reduce diet-induced metabolic abnormalities in mice.
Simvastatin Attenuates Oxidative Stress, NF-κB Activation, and Artery Calcification in LDLR-/- Mice Fed with High Fat Diet via Down-regulation of Tumor Necrosis Factor-α and TNF Receptor 1.
Clinical Presentation and Frequency of Risk Factors in Patients with Breast Carcinoma in Pakistan.
Dietary Practices, Addictive Behavior and Bowel Habits and Risk of Early Onset Colorectal Cancer: a Case Control Study.
Pdgfrβ+ Mural Preadipocytes Contribute to Adipocyte Hyperplasia Induced by High-Fat-Diet Feeding and Prolonged Cold Exposure in Adult Mice.
Emodin improves lipid and glucose metabolism in high fat diet-induced obese mice through regulating SREBP pathway.
Seasonal dietary shifting in yellow-rumped warblers is unrelated to macronutrient targets.
Mulberry and cherry anthocyanin consumption prevents oxidative stress and inflammation in diet-induced obese mice.
Expression of mitochondria-related genes is elevated in overfeeding-induced goose fatty liver.
Long-term dietary supplementation with saury oil attenuates metabolic abnormalities in mice fed a high-fat diet: combined beneficial effect of omega-3 fatty acids and long-chain monounsaturated fatty acids.
Weight Loss and the Prevention and Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Using Lifestyle Therapy, Pharmacotherapy, and Bariatric Surgery: Mechanisms of Action.
Antidiabetic effect of polysaccharides from Pleurotus ostreatus in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Remogliflozin Etabonate Improves Fatty Liver Disease in Diet-Induced Obese Male Mice.
Effect of early external X-ray radiation on arterial restenosis post percutaneous transluminal angioplasty.
In vitro and in vivo effects of ethanol extract combined with Curcumae Radix and Glycyrrhizae Radix et Rhizoma on menopausal metabolic disturbances.
A rat model of liver transplantation with a steatotic donor liver after cardiac death.
The effect of radish sourced 4-(Methylthio)-3-butenyl isothiocyanate on ameliorating the severity of high fat diet inducted nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in rats.
Adipocyte progenitor cells initiate monocyte chemoattractant protein-1-mediated macrophage accumulation in visceral adipose tissue.
Sex-dependent changes in metabolism and behavior, as well as reduced anxiety after eliminating ventromedial hypothalamus excitatory output.
Ablation of intact hypothalamic and/or hindbrain TrkB signaling leads to perturbations in energy balance.
Circulating Unsaturated Fatty Acids Delineate the Metabolic Status of Obese Individuals.
Correction: Obesity Resistance and Enhanced Insulin Sensitivity in Ahnak-/- Mice Fed a High Fat Diet Are Related to Impaired Adipogenesis and Increased Energy Expenditure.
Euterpe oleracea Mart.-Derived Polyphenols Protect Mice from Diet-Induced Obesity and Fatty Liver by Regulating Hepatic Lipogenesis and Cholesterol Excretion.
Administration of granulocyte-colony stimulating factor accompanied with a balanced diet improves cardiac function alterations induced by high fat diet in mice.
Sex-specific increase in susceptibility to metabolic syndrome in adult offspring after prenatal ethanol exposure with post-weaning high-fat diet.
The effect of metformin on neuronal activity in the appetite-regulating brain regions of mice fed a high-fat diet during an anorectic period.
A Supplemented High-Fat Low-Carbohydrate Diet for the Treatment of Glioblastoma.
High-Fat Diet During Mouse Pregnancy and Lactation Targets GIP-Regulated Metabolic Pathways in Adult Male Offspring.
Maternal conjugated linoleic acid supplementation reverses high-fat diet-induced skeletal muscle atrophy and inflammation in adult male rat offspring.
Long-Term Effects of a Very Low Carbohydrate Compared With a High Carbohydrate Diet on Renal Function in Individuals With Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized Trial.
Internal Fat and Cardiometabolic Risk Factors Following a Meal-Replacement Regimen vs. Comprehensive Lifestyle Changes in Obese Subjects.
Protective Effect of Vanillic Acid against Hyperinsulinemia, Hyperglycemia and Hyperlipidemia via Alleviating Hepatic Insulin Resistance and Inflammation in High-Fat Diet (HFD)-Fed Rats.
Prevention of Diet-Induced Obesity Effects on Body Weight and Gut Microbiota in Mice Treated Chronically with Δ9-Tetrahydrocannabinol.
Beneficial Effects of Evogliptin, a Novel Dipeptidyl Peptidase 4 Inhibitor, on Adiposity with Increased Ppargc1a in White Adipose Tissue in Obese Mice.
Effects of natural raw meal (NRM) on high-fat diet and dextran sulfate sodium (DSS)-induced ulcerative colitis in C57BL/6J mice.
Estrogen deprivation and excess energy supply accelerate 7,12-dimethylbenz(a)anthracene-induced mammary tumor growth in C3H/HeN mice.
High intake of dietary tyramine does not deteriorate glucose handling and does not cause adverse cardiovascular effects in mice.
Gastrodin Ameliorates Oxidative Stress and Proinflammatory Response in Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease through the AMPK/Nrf2 Pathway.
The brown and brite adipocyte marker Cox7a1 is not required for non-shivering thermogenesis in mice.
Nesfatin-130-59 Injected Intracerebroventricularly Differentially Affects Food Intake Microstructure in Rats Under Normal Weight and Diet-Induced Obese Conditions.
[The level of nutrition knowledge versus dietary habits of diabetes patients treated with insulin].
Hepatitis B Virus X Protein Induces Hepatic Steatosis by Enhancing the Expression of Liver Fatty Acid Binding Protein.
Modulation of IL-27 in adipocytes during inflammatory stress.
HEDGEHOG Signal in hepatocytes mediates macrophage recruitment: A new mechanism and potential therapeutic target for fatty liver disease.
Weight loss on low-fat vs. low-carbohydrate diets by insulin resistance status among overweight adults and adults with obesity: A randomized pilot trial.
MicroRNA Expression Signature Is Altered in the Cardiac Remodeling Induced by High Fat Diets.
Prenatal caffeine exposure induces a poor quality of articular cartilage in male adult offspring rats via cholesterol accumulation in cartilage.
Uric acid regulates hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance through the NLRP3 inflammasome-dependent mechanism.
Effects and mechanism of Xin Mai Jia in a rabbit model of atherosclerosis.
The Effect of Tianmai Xiaoke Pian on Insulin Resistance through PI3-K/AKT Signal Pathway.
Evaluation of implant strategies in Angus-sired steers with high or low genetic potential for marbling and gain.
High-fat diet differentially regulates metabolic parameters in obesity-resistant S5B/Pl rats and obesity-prone Osborne-Mendel rats.
N-Acetylneuraminic acid attenuates hypercoagulation on high fat diet-induced hyperlipidemic rats.
Prediabetes Enhances Periodontal Inflammation Consistent With Activation of Toll-Like Receptor-Mediated Nuclear Factor-κB Pathway in Rats.
Erythropoietin alleviates hepatic insulin resistance via PPARγ-dependent AKT activation.
Maternal high-fat diet influences stroke outcome in adult rat offspring.
Octreotide in malignant chylothorax: a case report.
Genetic ablation of lymphocytes and cytokine signaling in nonobese diabetic mice prevents diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance.
Second-generation antisense oligonucleotides against β-catenin protect mice against diet-induced hepatic steatosis and hepatic and peripheral insulin resistance.
Comparative Circadian Metabolomics Reveal Differential Effects of Nutritional Challenge in the Serum and Liver.
CREB pathway links PGE2 signaling with macrophage polarization.
Investigating mechanisms underpinning the detrimental impact of a high-fat diet in the developing and adult hypermuscular myostatin null mouse.
Ghrelin O-acyltransferase knockout mice show resistance to obesity when fed high-sucrose diet.
Energy and nutrient intakes of Sri Lankan patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional survey.
High-Fat Diets Containing Different Amounts of n3 and n6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Modulate Inflammatory Cytokine Production in Mice.
The Role of School Design in Shaping Healthy Eating-Related Attitudes, Practices, and Behaviors Among School Staff.
High-Fat Diet and Palmitate Alter the Rhythmic Secretion of Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 by the Rodent L-cell.
Comparative proteomic analysis of fibrotic liver of rats fed high fat diet contained lard versus corn oil.
Impact of Patient Preparation on the Diagnostic Performance of 18F-FDG PET in Cardiac Sarcoidosis: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Prevention of diet-induced hepatic steatosis and hepatic insulin resistance by second generation antisense oligonucleotides targeted to the longevity gene mIndy (Slc13a5).
Molecular correlates of fat mass expansion in C57BL/6J mice after short-term exposure to dietary fat.
Fructus xanthii improves lipid homeostasis in the epididymal adipose tissue of rats fed a high-fat diet.
miR-212 downregulation contributes to the protective effect of exercise against non-alcoholic fatty liver via targeting FGF-21.
EGCG attenuates atherosclerosis through the Jagged-1/Notch pathway.
Sphingolipids in High Fat Diet and Obesity-Related Diseases.
Compared to casein, bovine lactoferrin reduces plasma leptin and corticosterone and affects hypothalamic gene expression without altering weight gain or fat mass in high fat diet fed C57/BL6J mice.
Longxuetongluo Capsule Improves Erythrocyte Function against Lipid Peroxidation and Abnormal Hemorheological Parameters in High Fat Diet-Induced ApoE-/- Mice.
Glycemic modulation in neuro-oncology: experience and future directions using a modified Atkins diet for high-grade brain tumors.
The Herbal Medicine KBH-1 Inhibits Fat Accumulation in 3T3-L1 Adipocytes and Reduces High Fat Diet-Induced Obesity through Regulation of the AMPK Pathway.
High sugar and butter (HSB) diet induces obesity and metabolic syndrome with decrease in regulatory T cells in adipose tissue of mice.
The Effect of Protein-Enriched Meal Replacement on Waist Circumference Reduction among Overweight and Obese Chinese with Hyperlipidemia.
Hepatocyte-Specific Disruption of CD36 Attenuates Fatty Liver and Improves Insulin Sensitivity in HFD-Fed Mice.
Protective effects of L-arabinose in high-carbohydrate, high-fat diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rats.
Effects of Long-Term Exposure to Free Nε-(Carboxymethyl)lysine on Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet.
A Diet Rich in Medium-Chain Fatty Acids Improves Systolic Function and Alters the Lipidomic Profile in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes: A Pilot Study.
Effectiveness of an mHealth intervention to improve the cardiometabolic profile of people with prehypertension in low-resource urban settings in Latin America: a randomised controlled trial.
L-Arginine and vitamin C attenuate pro-atherogenic effects of high-fat diet on biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction in rats.
[Effect of carbon disulfide exposure on fatty acid metabolism in ApoE knockout and C57BL/6J mice].
Intermittent Fasting Promotes Fat Loss With Lean Mass Retention, Increased Hypothalamic Norepinephrine Content, and Increased Neuropeptide Y Gene Expression in Diet-Induced Obese Male Mice.
Purified Betacyanins from Hylocereus undatus Peel Ameliorate Obesity and Insulin Resistance in High-Fat-Diet-Fed Mice.
Understanding the Physiology of FGF21.
The effect of maternal and post-weaning low and high glycaemic index diets on glucose tolerance, fat deposition and hepatic function in rat offspring.
High-fat diet increases vulnerability to atrial arrhythmia by conduction disturbance via miR-27b.
Diets with different lipid contents do not modify the neuronal membrane lipid raft profile in a scrapie murine model.
The feasibility and acceptability of a diet and exercise trial in overweight and obese black breast cancer survivors: The Stepping STONE study.
Neutrophil-derived myeloperoxidase promotes atherogenesis and neointima formation in mice.
Inactivation of the Class II PI3K-C2β Potentiates Insulin Signaling and Sensitivity.
Farnesoid X Receptor Protects against Kidney Injury in Uninephrectomized Obese Mice.
Divergent responses to thermogenic stimuli in BAT and subcutaneous adipose tissue from interleukin 18 and interleukin 18 receptor 1-deficient mice.
Carcinogenicity of consumption of red and processed meat: What about environmental contaminants?
The renal protective effects of Anoectochilus roxburghii polysaccharose on diabetic mice induced by high-fat diet and streptozotocin.
The effects of high-fat feeding on physical function and skeletal muscle extracellular matrix.
A comparison of effects of lard and hydrogenated vegetable shortening on the development of high-fat diet-induced obesity in rats.
CD40 promotes MHC class II expression on adipose tissue macrophages and regulates adipose tissue CD4+ T cells with obesity.
Unaltered Prion Pathogenesis in a Mouse Model of High-Fat Diet-Induced Insulin Resistance.
High-Fat Diet Induced Anxiety and Anhedonia: Impact on Brain Homeostasis and Inflammation.
RNA-mediated paternal heredity of diet-induced obesity and metabolic disorders.
Protective effect of pioglitazone on cardiomyocyte apoptosis in low-dose streptozotocin &amp; high-fat diet-induced type-2 diabetes in rats.
The effect of three different ad libitum diets for weight loss maintenance: a randomized 18-month trial.
Heterozygous eNOS deficiency is associated with oxidative stress and endothelial dysfunction in diet-induced obesity.
Improvements of Glucose and Lipid Metabolism After Jejuno-ileal Circuit Procedure in a Non-obese Diabetic Rat Model.
The 'metabolic sensor' function of rat supraoptic oxytocin and vasopressin neurons is attenuated during lactation but not in diet-induced obesity.
Muscle-specific inflammation induced by MCP-1 overexpression does not affect whole-body insulin sensitivity in mice.
Caloric restriction improves diabetes-induced cognitive deficits by attenuating neurogranin-associated calcium signaling in high-fat diet-fed mice.
High fat diet-induced diabetes in mice exacerbates cognitive deficit due to chronic hypoperfusion.
Dietary Omega-3 Fatty Acids Prevented Adipocyte Hypertrophy by Downregulating DGAT-2 and FABP-4 in a Sex-Dependent Fashion.
Dexamethasone treatment alters insulin, leptin, and adiponectin levels in male mice as observed in DIO but does not lead to alterations of metabolic phenotypes in the offspring.
The effect of L-arginine and ascorbic acid on the visceral fat and the concentrations of metalloproteinases 2 and 9 in high-fat-diet rats.
The differential effects of low birth weight and Western diet consumption upon early life hepatic fibrosis development in guinea pig.
Ankaflavin ameliorates steatotic liver ischemia-reperfusion injury in mice.
Gastric bypass surgery is protective from high-fat diet-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and hepatic endoplasmic reticulum stress.
Chronic Pelvic Ischemia: Contribution to the Pathogenesis of Lower Urinary Tract Symptoms (LUTS): A New Target for Pharmacological Treatment?
Extract of Ginkgo Biloba Ameliorates Streptozotocin-Induced Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus and High-Fat Diet-Induced Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Mice.
Are meat and heme iron intake associated with pancreatic cancer? Results from the NIH-AARP diet and health cohort.
The hepatoprotective effect of the combination use of Fructus Schisandrae with statin--A preclinical evaluation.
Inhibition of macrophage-derived foam cell formation by ezetimibe via the caveolin-1/MAPK pathway.
Liraglutide ameliorates non-alcoholic fatty liver disease by enhancing mitochondrial architecture and promoting autophagy through the SIRT1/SIRT3-FOXO3a pathway.
Ameliorating Endothelial Mitochondrial Dysfunction Restores Coronary Function via Transient Receptor Potential Vanilloid 1-Mediated Protein Kinase A/Uncoupling Protein 2 Pathway.
GLUCOMANNAN AND GLUCOMANNAN PLUS SPIRULINA-ENRICHED SQUID-SURIMI ADDED TO HIGH SATURATED DIET AFFECT GLYCEMIA, PLASMA AND ADIPOSE LEPTIN AND ADIPONECTIN LEVELS IN GROWING FA/FA RATS.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-delta agonist ameliorated inflammasome activation in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
[Sodium nitrite reduces lipid accumulation in steatotic cells by enhancing autophagy].
[Effects of Electroacupunctrue Combined with Dietary Control on Peroxisome Proliferator-activa- ted Receptor-α, and Liver Fatty Acid-binding Protein Levels in Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Rats].
CD11b regulates obesity-induced insulin resistance via limiting alternative activation and proliferation of adipose tissue macrophages.
The Dipeptidyl Peptidase-4 Inhibitor Teneligliptin Attenuates Hepatic Lipogenesis via AMPK Activation in Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Model Mice.
Fatty acid composition of chicken breast meat is dependent on genotype-related variation of FADS1 and FADS2 gene expression and desaturating activity.
CTRP3 deficiency reduces liver size and alters IL-6 and TGFβ levels in obese mice.
Metabolic phenotype and adipose and liver features in a high-fat Western diet-induced mouse model of obesity-linked NAFLD.
Intestine-selective farnesoid X receptor inhibition improves obesity-related metabolic dysfunction.
Loss of FTO in adipose tissue decreases Angptl4 translation and alters triglyceride metabolism.
Gsα Deficiency in the Ventromedial Hypothalamus Enhances Leptin Sensitivity and Improves Glucose Homeostasis in Mice on a High-Fat Diet.
Inhibition of Dipeptidyl Peptidase-4 Impairs Ventricular Function and Promotes Cardiac Fibrosis in High Fat-Fed Diabetic Mice.
Intrarenal renin-angiotensin system mediates fatty acid-induced ER stress in the kidney.
High-Protein Exposure during Gestation or Lactation or after Weaning Has a Period-Specific Signature on Rat Pup Weight, Adiposity, Food Intake, and Glucose Homeostasis up to 6 Weeks of Age.
Obesity does not aggravate osteoporosis or osteoblastic insulin resistance in orchiectomized rats.
β-Asarone modulate adipokines and attenuates high fat diet-induced metabolic abnormalities in Wistar rats.
Macronutrient composition and gestational weight gain: a systematic review.
Acute effect of red meat and dairy on glucose and insulin: a randomized crossover study.
An overview of the contribution of dairy and cheese intakes to nutrient intakes in the Irish diet: results from the National Adult Nutrition Survey.
Endogenous VMH amylin signaling is required for full leptin signaling and protection from diet-induced obesity.
Effects of Ligustrum robustum on gut microbes and obesity in rats.
Antihyperlipidemic effect of Acanthopanax senticosus (Rupr. et Maxim) Harms leaves in high-fat-diet fed mice.
Correlation between oxidative stress and the NF-κB signaling pathway in the pulmonary tissues of obese asthmatic mice.
Carcass and meat quality traits of chickens fed diets concurrently supplemented with vitamins C and E under constant heat stress.
Deficiency of eNOS exacerbates early-stage NAFLD pathogenesis by changing the fat distribution.
Exploring the association of dairy product intake with the fatty acids C15:0 and C17:0 measured from dried blood spots in a multipopulation cohort: Findings from the Food4Me study.
Green tea extract provides extensive Nrf2-independent protection against lipid accumulation and NFκB pro- inflammatory responses during nonalcoholic steatohepatitis in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Gut barrier impairment by high-fat diet in mice depends on housing conditions.
Protective effect of thymol on high fat diet induced diabetic nephropathy in C57BL/6J mice.
Angiotensinogen Exerts Effects Independent of Angiotensin II.
Effect of Weight-Reduction in Obese Mice Lacking Toll-Like Receptor 5 and C57BL/6 Mice Fed a Low-Fat Diet.
Developmental conditioning of endothelium-derived hyperpolarizing factor-mediated vasorelaxation.
DSS colitis promotes tumorigenesis and fibrogenesis in a choline-deficient high-fat diet-induced NASH mouse model.
The cholecystokinin-1 receptor antagonist devazepide increases cholesterol cholelithogenesis in mice.
Effects of replacing groundnut cake with rumen content supplemented with or without enzyme in the diet of weaner rabbits.
Advanced cardiac chemical exchange saturation transfer (cardioCEST) MRI for in vivo cell tracking and metabolic imaging.
LXRα improves myocardial glucose tolerance and reduces cardiac hypertrophy in a mouse model of obesity-induced type 2 diabetes.
Involvement of NADPH oxidases and non-muscle myosin light chain in senescence of endothelial progenitor cells in hyperlipidemia.
Longitudinal changes in adipose tissue of dairy cows from late pregnancy to lactation. Part 1: The adipokines apelin and resistin and their relationship to receptors linked with lipolysis.
Longitudinal changes in adipose tissue of dairy cows from late pregnancy to lactation. Part 2: The SIRT-PPARGC1A axis and its relationship with the adiponectin system.
High-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation impairs the cholinergic anti-inflammatory pathway in the liver and white adipose tissue of mouse offspring.
Conservative management of severe caustic injuries during acute phase leads to superior long-term nutritional and quality of life (QoL) outcome.
Elevation of cortical C26:0 due to the decline of peroxisomal β-oxidation potentiates amyloid β generation and spatial memory deficits via oxidative stress in diabetic rats.
High LDL levels lead to increased synovial inflammation and accelerated ectopic bone formation during experimental osteoarthritis.
Evaluation of two dynamic in vitro models simulating fasted and fed state conditions in the upper gastrointestinal tract (TIM-1 and tiny-TIM) for investigating the bioaccessibility of pharmaceutical compounds from oral dosage forms.
Cashew apple extract inhibition of fat storage and insulin resistance in the diet-induced obesity mouse model.
N-Acetylneuraminic Acid Supplementation Prevents High Fat Diet-Induced Insulin Resistance in Rats through Transcriptional and Nontranscriptional Mechanisms.
Beneficial metabolic effects of selected probiotics on diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance in mice are associated with improvement of dysbiotic gut microbiota.
Seapolynol Extracted from Ecklonia cava Inhibits Adipocyte Differentiation in Vitro and Decreases Fat Accumulation in Vivo.
A Historical Review of Changes in Nutrition Standards of USDA Child Meal Programs Relative to Research Findings on the Nutritional Adequacy of Program Meals and the Diet and Nutritional Health of Participants: Implications for Future Research and the Summer Food Service Program.
Spatial disturbances in altered mucosal and luminal gut viromes of diet-induced obese mice.
Disparate metabolic response to fructose feeding between different mouse strains.
Long-Term Feeding of Chitosan Ameliorates Glucose and Lipid Metabolism in a High-Fructose-Diet-Impaired Rat Model of Glucose Tolerance.
Obesity-Related Chronic Kidney Disease-The Role of Lipid Metabolism.
Exercise during pregnancy protects adult mouse offspring from diet-induced obesity.
Effects of low-stearate palm oil and high-stearate lard high-fat diets on rat liver lipid metabolism and glucose tolerance.
The Gustatory Signaling Pathway and Bitter Taste Receptors Affect the Development of Obesity and Adipocyte Metabolism in Mice.
Association of low educational status with microvascular complications in type 2 diabetes: Jaipur diabetes registry.
Special low protein foods for phenylketonuria: availability in Europe and an examination of their nutritional profile.
BNIP3 is essential for mitochondrial bioenergetics during adipocyte remodelling in mice.
Comparison of the dietary intakes of individuals with and without type 1 diabetes in China.
Obesity-related known and candidate SNP markers can significantly change affinity of TATA-binding protein for human gene promoters.
Anti-Obesity Effect of 6,8-Diprenylgenistein, an Isoflavonoid of Cudrania tricuspidata Fruits in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Hypolipidemic Effect of Tomato Juice in Hamsters in High Cholesterol Diet-Induced Hyperlipidemia.
A High-Fat, High-Oleic Diet, But Not a High-Fat, Saturated Diet, Reduces Hepatic α-Linolenic Acid and Eicosapentaenoic Acid Content in Mice.
Obesity and hyperglycemia lead to impaired post-ischemic recovery after permanent ischemia in mice.
Emerging Role of Nitric Oxide and Heat Shock Proteins in Insulin Resistance.
Running Exercise in Obese Pregnancies Prevents IL-6 Trans-signaling in Male Offspring.
Genetic Dissection of Tissue-Specific Apolipoprotein E Function for Hypercholesterolemia and Diet-Induced Obesity.
Effects of Ethyl Pyruvate in Preventing the Development of Diet-induced Atherosclerosis by Blocking the HMGB1 Expression in ApoE-Deficient Mice.
Protecting the Heart in Obesity: Role of ACE2 and Its Partners.
The Role of Energy, Nutrients, Foods, and Dietary Patterns in the Development of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review of Observational Studies.
High Fat Diet and Inflammation - Modulation of Haptoglobin Level in Rat Brain.
Maternal Melatonin Therapy Rescues Prenatal Dexamethasone and Postnatal High-Fat Diet Induced Programmed Hypertension in Male Rat Offspring.
Evaluation of Gastrointestinal Leakage in Multiple Enteric Inflammation Models in Chickens.
Quercetin Alleviates High-Fat Diet-Induced Oxidized Low-Density Lipoprotein Accumulation in the Liver: Implication for Autophagy Regulation.
Regulation of pure total flavonoids from Citrus on TH17/Treg balance in mice with NASH.
Prolonged metformin treatment leads to reduced transcription of Nrf2 and neurotrophic factors without cognitive impairment in older C57BL/6J mice.
Defective insulin secretion by chronic glucagon receptor activation in glucose intolerant mice.
Resveratrol exerts anti-obesity effects in high-fat diet obese mice and displays differential dosage effects on cytotoxicity, differentiation, and lipolysis in 3T3-L1 cells.
ASB14780, an Orally Active Inhibitor of Group IVA Phospholipase A2, Is a Pharmacotherapeutic Candidate for Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
A visceral adiposity index-related dietary pattern and the cardiometabolic profiles in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Red pitaya betacyanins protects from diet-induced obesity, liver steatosis and insulin resistance in association with modulation of gut microbiota in mice.
Triglyceride-Lowering Effects of Two Probiotics, Lactobacillus plantarum KY1032 and Lactobacillus curvatus HY7601, in a Rat Model of High-Fat Diet-Induced Hypertriglyceridemia.
A Mixture of Ethanol Extracts of Persimmon Leaf and Citrus junos Sieb Improves Blood Coagulation Parameters and Ameliorates Lipid Metabolism Disturbances Caused by Diet-Induced Obesity in C57BL/6J Mice.
The anti-obesity effects of Lactobacillus casei strain Shirota versus Orlistat on high fat diet-induced obese rats.
Anti-obesity Effect of Dioscorea oppositifolia Extract in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice and Its Chemical Characterization.
An adenovirus-derived protein: A novel candidate for anti-diabetic drug development.
Methylation analysis in fatty-acid-related genes reveals their plasticity associated with conjugated linoleic acid and calcium supplementation in adult mice.
Decreased ovarian reserve, dysregulation of mitochondrial biogenesis, and increased lipid peroxidation in female mouse offspring exposed to an obesogenic maternal diet.
The effect of olive oil-based ketogenic diet on serum lipid levels in epileptic children.
The effects of voluntary exercise on oocyte quality in a diet-induced obese murine model.
Keap1/Nrf2 pathway activation leads to a repressed hepatic gluconeogenic and lipogenic program in mice on a high-fat diet.
Development of a therapeutic monoclonal antibody that targets secreted fatty acid-binding protein aP2 to treat type 2 diabetes.
Comparison of the effect of daily consumption of probiotic compared with low-fat conventional yogurt on weight loss in healthy obese women following an energy-restricted diet: a randomized controlled trial.
Deficiency of intestinal mucin-2 protects mice from diet-induced fatty liver disease and obesity.
Effects of a high-fat diet on the electrical properties of porcine atria.
The anti-angiogenic herbal extract from Melissa officinalis inhibits adipogenesis in 3T3-L1 adipocytes and suppresses adipocyte hypertrophy in high fat diet-induced obese C57BL/6J mice.
Beliefs and Behaviors about Breast Cancer Recurrence Risk Reduction among African American Breast Cancer Survivors.
[Overview of diet-related study in Crohn's disease].
Deregulation of arginase induces bone complications in high-fat/high-sucrose diet diabetic mouse model.
Inactivation of adipose angiotensinogen reduces adipose tissue macrophages and increases metabolic activity.
Apolipoprotein CIII overexpression exacerbates diet-induced obesity due to adipose tissue higher exogenous lipid uptake and retention and lower lipolysis rates.
Partially replacing cornstarch in a high-concentrate diet with sucrose inhibited the ruminal trans-10 biohydrogenation pathway in vitro by changing populations of specific bacteria.
Phospholipase C-related Catalytically Inactive Protein Is a New Modulator of Thermogenesis Promoted by β-Adrenergic Receptors in Brown Adipocytes.
Daily Eating Patterns and Their Impact on Health and Disease.
New PPARγ partial agonist improves obesity-induced metabolic alterations and atherosclerosis in LDLr(-/-) mice.
Influence of the reformulation of ingredients in bakery products on healthy characteristics and acceptability of consumers.
The effect of dietary curcumin and capsaicin on hepatic fetuin-A expression and fat accumulation in rats fed on a high-fat diet.
Behavioural effects of high fat diet in a mutant mouse model for the schizophrenia risk gene neuregulin 1.
A refined high carbohydrate diet is associated with changes in the serotonin pathway and visceral obesity.
Effects of Korean red ginseng (Panax ginseng) on obesity and adipose inflammation in ovariectomized mice.
Cell type-specific modulation of lipid mediator's formation in murine adipose tissue by omega-3 fatty acids.
Postnatal high-fat diet enhances ectopic fat deposition in pigs with intrauterine growth retardation.
Vitamin D heritability and effect of pregnancy status in Vervet monkeys (Chlorocebus aethiops sabaeus) under conditions of modest and high dietary supplementation.
Tumor suppressor RIZ1 in obesity and the PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway.
Maternal dietary fat intake during pregnancy is associated with infant temperament.
Short communication: Comparison of predicted dietary phosphorus balance using bioavailabilities from the NRC (2001) and Virginia Tech model.
Effects of calcium montmorillonite clay and aflatoxin exposure on dry matter intake, milk production, and milk composition.
Influence of dietary grape pomace combined with linseed oil on fatty acid profile and milk composition.
The use of telomere length as a predictive biomarker for injury prognosis in juvenile rats following a concussion/mild traumatic brain injury.
A Mathematical Model of the Pathogenesis, Prevention, and Reversal of Type 2 Diabetes.
Selective Spectrum Antibiotic Modulation of the Gut Microbiome in Obesity and Diabetes Rodent Models.
Taurine ameliorates cholesterol metabolism by stimulating bile acid production in high-cholesterol-fed rats.
Using three-phase theory-based formative research to explore healthy eating in Australian truck drivers.
Selective normalisation of regional brain bis(monoacylglycero)phosphate in the mucopolysaccharidosis 1 (Hurler) mouse.
Post-transcriptional Stabilization of Ucp1 mRNA Protects Mice from Diet-Induced Obesity.
Exposure to activity-based anorexia impairs contextual learning in weight-restored rats without affecting spatial learning, taste, anxiety, or dietary-fat preference.
Role of the Gut Microbiome in Obstructive Sleep Apnea-Induced Hypertension.
Gsα deficiency in adipose tissue improves glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity without an effect on body weight.
Effects of dairy products consumption on weight loss and blood chemistry in premenopausal obese women.
[Open-field behavioral study in rat hyperlipidemia combined with chronic unpredictable mild stress model].
Suppressive Effects of Insulin on Tumor Necrosis Factor-Dependent Early Osteoarthritic Changes Associated With Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Tofogliflozin Improves Insulin Resistance in Skeletal Muscle and Accelerates Lipolysis in Adipose Tissue in Male Mice.
Glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor-induced mice liver defatting: A novel strategy to enable transplantation of steatotic livers.
Bile acids induce uncoupling protein 1-dependent thermogenesis and stimulate energy expenditure at thermoneutrality in mice.
Hypoglycemic activities of lyophilized powder of Gynura divaricata by improving antioxidant potential and insulin signaling in type 2 diabetic mice.
Duodenal-Jejunal Bypass Preferentially Elevates Serum Taurine-Conjugated Bile Acids and Alters Gut Microbiota in a Diabetic Rat Model.
Branched-Chain Amino Acid Supplementation in Combination with Voluntary Running Improves Body Composition in Female C57BL/6 Mice.
Suppression of proatherogenic leukocyte interactions by MCS-18--Impact on advanced atherosclerosis in ApoE-deficient mice.
Western-style diet, with and without chronic androgen treatment, alters the number, structure, and function of small antral follicles in ovaries of young adult monkeys.
Sex and age-dependent effects of a maternal junk food diet on the mu-opioid receptor in rat offspring.
Comparison of the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet and a higher-fat DASH diet on blood pressure and lipids and lipoproteins: a randomized controlled trial.
The impact of low-protein high-carbohydrate diets on aging and lifespan.
Delayed Intervention With Pyridoxamine Improves Metabolic Function and Prevents Adipose Tissue Inflammation and Insulin Resistance in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Altered myocardial metabolic adaptation to increased fatty acid availability in cardiomyocyte-specific CLOCK mutant mice.
Sperm tsRNAs contribute to intergenerational inheritance of an acquired metabolic disorder.
Partial Liver Kinase B1 (LKB1) Deficiency Promotes Diastolic Dysfunction, De Novo Systolic Dysfunction, Apoptosis, and Mitochondrial Dysfunction With Dietary Metabolic Challenge.
Oxidative stress contributes to abnormal glucose metabolism and insulin sensitivity in two hyperlipidemia models.
The digestive system of 1-week-old Jersey calves is well suited to digest, absorb, and incorporate protein and energy into tissue growth even when calves are fed a high plane of milk replacer.
Aqueous extract of Chrysobalanus icaco leaves, in lower doses, prevent fat gain in obese high-fat fed mice.
Type 2 diabetes prevention in the community: 12-Month outcomes from the Sydney Diabetes Prevention Program.
Lipid-lowering agents inhibit hepatic steatosis in a non-alcoholic steatohepatitis-derived hepatocellular carcinoma mouse model.
Blockade of cannabinoid 1 receptor improves GLP-1R mediated insulin secretion in mice.
Molecular classification of fatty liver by high-throughput profiling of protein post-translational modifications.
Aristolochia manshuriensis Kom ethyl acetate extract protects against high-fat diet-induced non-alcoholic steatohepatitis by regulating kinase phosphorylation in mouse.
Snord116 is critical in the regulation of food intake and body weight.
Deregulated Lipid Sensing by Intestinal CD36 in Diet-Induced Hyperinsulinemic Obese Mouse Model.
FoxO1 Plays an Important Role in Regulating β-Cell Compensation for Insulin Resistance in Male Mice.
Sugar- and artificially sweetened beverages and intrahepatic fat: A randomized controlled trial.
Efficacy of Dietary Lipid Control in Healing High-Fat and High-Cholesterol Diet-Induced Fibrotic Steatohepatitis in Rats.
MicroRNA expression analysis in high fat diet-induced NAFLD-NASH-HCC progression: study on C57BL/6J mice.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease induces signs of Alzheimer's disease (AD) in wild-type mice and accelerates pathological signs of AD in an AD model.
High-fat-diet induced development of increased fasting glucose levels and impaired response to intraperitoneal glucose challenge in the collaborative cross mouse genetic reference population.
SREBP2 Activation Induces Hepatic Long-chain Acyl-CoA Synthetase 1 (ACSL1) Expression in Vivo and in Vitro through a Sterol Regulatory Element (SRE) Motif of the ACSL1 C-promoter.
Misleading conclusions on health effects of cheese and meat-enriched diets in study sponsored by dairy industry.
Reply to P Marckmann.
Associations between Sugar Intake from Different Food Sources and Adiposity or Cardio-Metabolic Risk in Childhood and Adolescence: The Korean Child-Adolescent Cohort Study.
Promotion of atherosclerosis in high cholesterol diet-fed rabbits by immunization with the P277 peptide.
Leptin-Induced CART (Cocaine- and Amphetamine-Regulated Transcript) Is a Novel Intraovarian Mediator of Obesity-Related Infertility in Females.
Disparate Metabolic Responses in Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet Supplemented with Maize-Derived Non-Digestible Feruloylated Oligo- and Polysaccharides Are Linked to Changes in the Gut Microbiota.
Activation of Kupffer Cells Is Associated with a Specific Dysbiosis Induced by Fructose or High Fat Diet in Mice.
Aliskiren Reduces Hepatic steatosis and Epididymal Fat Mass and Increases Skeletal Muscle Insulin Sensitivity in High-Fat Diet-Fed Mice.
Both diet and gene mutation induced obesity affect oocyte quality in mice.
Ghrelin O-acyltransferase (GOAT) and energy metabolism.
Maternal high-fat feeding leads to alterations of brain glucose metabolism in the offspring: positron emission tomography study in a porcine model.
Pharmacological inhibition of S6K1 increases glucose metabolism and Akt signalling in vitro and in diet-induced obese mice.
[Effects of family and peer support upon the stages of health-related behavior in adolescent].
Targeted Inhibition of Pregnancy-Associated Plasma Protein-A Activity Reduces Atherosclerotic Plaque Burden in Mice.
A Comparative Study of Lipid-Lowering Effects of Guggul and Atorvastatin Monotherapy in Comparison to Their Combination in High Cholesterol Diet-Induced Hyperlipidemia in Rabbits.
Maternal high-fat diet influences outcomes after neonatal hypoxic-ischemic brain injury in rodents.
High-calorie diet inflates steatogenic effects of valproic acid in mice.
Comparison of Aortic Collagen Fiber Angle Distribution in Mouse Models of Atherosclerosis Using Second-Harmonic Generation (SHG) Microscopy.
Nutritional habits among high-performance endurance athletes.
Autophagic dysfunction is improved by intermittent administration of osteocalcin in obese mice.
Body composition and lung function in cystic fibrosis and their association with adiposity and normal-weight obesity.
The development, application, and validation of a Healthy eating index for Australian Adults (HEIFA-2013).
New compartment model analysis of lean-mass and fat-mass growth with overfeeding.
Microbiota-induced obesity requires farnesoid X receptor.
Functional Deficits Precede Structural Lesions in Mice With High-Fat Diet-Induced Diabetic Retinopathy.
Lipid-Based Nutrient Supplements Increase Energy and Macronutrient Intakes from Complementary Food among Malawian Infants.
Enhanced Endurance Performance by Periodization of Carbohydrate Intake: 'Sleep Low' Strategy.
Fisetin-Rich Extracts of Rhus verniciflua Stokes Improve Blood Flow Rates in Mice Fed Both Normal and High-Fat Diets.
Artemisia annua Leaf Extract Attenuates Hepatic Steatosis and Inflammation in High-Fat Diet-Fed Mice.
Effects of Synthetic Diets Enriched in Specific Nutrients on Drosophila Development, Body Fat, and Lifespan.
Significant Beneficial Association of High Dietary Selenium Intake with Reduced Body Fat in the CODING Study.
High Fat Diet Administration during Specific Periods of Pregnancy Alters Maternal Fatty Acid Profiles in the Near-Term Rat.
Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor Activation is Associated with Altered Plasma One-Carbon Metabolites and B-Vitamin Status in Rats.
Moringa oleifera Lam. seed extract prevents fat diet induced oxidative stress in mice and protects liver cell-nuclei from hydroxyl radical mediated damage.
Western diet induces a shift in microbiota composition enhancing susceptibility to Adherent-Invasive E. coli infection and intestinal inflammation.
Recombination of Correlations between Bioelements in the Liver and Lungs during Modeling of Diet-Induced Obesity.
Effect of Increasing Doses of Linoleic and α-Linolenic Acids on High-Fructose and High-Fat Diet Induced Metabolic Syndrome in Rats.
mTORC1-independent Raptor prevents hepatic steatosis by stabilizing PHLPP2.
Maternal N-acetylcysteine therapy regulates hydrogen sulfide-generating pathway and prevents programmed hypertension in male offspring exposed to prenatal dexamethasone and postnatal high-fat diet.
Effects of Fatty Acid Quality and Quantity in the Japanese Diet on the Suppression of Lipid Accumulation.
The Impact of Dietary Energy Intake Early in Life on the Colonic Microbiota of Adult Mice.
Nutritional considerations during prolonged exposure to a confined, hyperbaric, hyperoxic environment: recommendations for saturation divers.
Effects of Excess Energy Intake on Glucose and Lipid Metabolism in C57BL/6 Mice.
A Combination of Mitochondrial Oxidative Stress and Excess Fat/Calorie Intake Accelerates Steatohepatitis by Enhancing Hepatic CC Chemokine Production in Mice.
Protective effects of Arctium lappa L. root extracts (AREs) on high fat diet induced quail atherosclerosis.
The relationship between aquaglyceroporin expression and development of fatty liver in diet-induced obesity and ob/ob mice.
MicroRNA-192* impairs adipocyte triglyceride storage.
Fatty acid induced metabolic memory involves alterations in renal histone H3K36me2 and H3K27me3.
p75 Neurotrophin Receptor Regulates Energy Balance in Obesity.
Dietary patterns and retinal vascular calibre in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes.
The programming effects of nutrition-induced catch-up growth on gut microbiota and metabolic diseases in adult mice.
Docosahexaenoic acid attenuates adipose tissue angiogenesis and insulin resistance in high fat diet-fed middle-aged mice via a sirt1-dependent mechanism.
Adipose tissue transcriptomics and epigenomics in low birthweight men and controls: role of high-fat overfeeding.
Changes in Expression of Genes Regulating Airway Inflammation Following a High-Fat Mixed Meal in Asthmatics.
Influence of weight reduction on blood levels of C-reactive protein, tumor necrosis factor-α, interleukin-6, and oxylipins in obese subjects.
Mangiferin suppressed advanced glycation end products (AGEs) through NF-κB deactivation and displayed anti-inflammatory effects in streptozotocin and high fat diet-diabetic cardiomyopathy rats.
GLP-1 mimetic drugs and the risk of exocrine pancreatic disease: Cell and animal studies.
Whole Blood Transcriptomics Is Relevant to Identify Molecular Changes in Response to Genetic Selection for Feed Efficiency and Nutritional Status in the Pig.
IL-15/sIL-15Rα gene transfer induces weight loss and improves glucose homeostasis in obese mice.
Mice subjected to aP2-Cre mediated ablation of microsomal triglyceride transfer protein are resistant to high fat diet induced obesity.
Thymoquinone alleviates nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in rats via suppression of oxidative stress, inflammation, apoptosis.
Reduction of CTRP9, a novel anti-platelet adipokine, contributes to abnormal platelet activity in diabetic animals.
Effect of a trans fatty acid-enriched diet on biochemical and inflammatory parameters in Wistar rats.
Increased bioavailability of celecoxib under fed versus fasted conditions is determined by postprandial bile secretion as demonstrated in a dynamic gastrointestinal model.
Mitochondrial Reactive Oxygen Species Mediate Cardiac Structural, Functional, and Mitochondrial Consequences of Diet-Induced Metabolic Heart Disease.
Low protein and high-energy diet: a possible natural cause of fatty liver hemorrhagic syndrome in caged White Leghorn laying hens.
The Nutrient and Energy Sensor Sirt1 Regulates the Hypothalamic-Pituitary-Adrenal (HPA) Axis by Altering the Production of the Prohormone Convertase 2 (PC2) Essential in the Maturation of Corticotropin-releasing Hormone (CRH) from Its Prohormone in Male Rats.
Hypocholesterolemic Effects of the Cauliflower Culinary-Medicinal Mushroom, Sparassis crispa (Higher Basidiomycetes), in Diet-Induced Hypercholesterolemic Rats.
Roflumilast Ameliorates Airway Hyperresponsiveness Caused by Diet-Induced Obesity in a Murine Model.
Functional Profiling of Unfamiliar Microbial Communities Using a Validated De Novo Assembly Metatranscriptome Pipeline.
[Mechanisms of the role of fibroblast growth factor 21 in attenuating insulin resistance].
Long-term Outcome after Robotic-assisted Gastroplication in Adolescents: Hunger Hormone and Food Preference Changes Two Case Reports.
Effects of dietary saturated and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids on the incorporation of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids into blood lipids.
Cholesteryl Ester Transfer Protein (CETP) expression does not affect glucose homeostasis and insulin secretion: studies in human CETP transgenic mice.
Lipidomics Biomarkers of Diet-Induced Hyperlipidemia and Its Treatment with Poria cocos.
Silymarin alleviates hepatic oxidative stress and protects against metabolic disorders in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Ethnic Variation in Lipid Profile and Its Associations with Body Composition and Diet: Differences Between Iranians, Indians and Caucasians Living in Australia.
Lateral Hypothalamic Area Glutamatergic Neurons and Their Projections to the Lateral Habenula Regulate Feeding and Reward.
Palmitic Acid Reduces Circulating Bone Formation Markers in Obese Animals and Impairs Osteoblast Activity via C16-Ceramide Accumulation.
Effects of glucagon-like peptide-1 on advanced glycation endproduct-induced aortic endothelial dysfunction in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats: possible roles of Rho kinase- and AMP kinase-mediated nuclear factor κB signaling pathways.
Precision feeding can significantly reduce lysine intake and nitrogen excretion without compromising the performance of growing pigs.
Novel mitochondrial complex I inhibitors restore glucose-handling abilities of high-fat fed mice.
Obesity Resistance Promotes Mild Contractile Dysfunction Associated with Intracellular Ca2+ Handling.
Effect of Lactobacillus plantarum FH185 on the Reduction of Adipocyte Size and Gut Microbial Changes in Mice with Diet-induced Obesity.
Effects of Yogurt Containing Fermented Pepper Juice on the Body Fat and Cholesterol Level in High Fat and High Cholesterol Diet Fed Rat.
Anti-obesity Effect of Fermented Whey Beverage using Lactic Acid Bacteria in Diet-induced Obese Rats.
[Effect of Jinlida on DGAT1 in Skeletal Muscle in Fat-Induced Insulin Resistance ApoE -/- Mice].
Bmal1 is required for beta cell compensatory expansion, survival and metabolic adaptation to diet-induced obesity in mice.
Diet-induced extinctions in the gut microbiota compound over generations.
Fructose and glucose combined with free fatty acids induce metabolic disorders in HepG2 cell: A new model to study the impacts of high-fructose/sucrose and high-fat diets in vitro.
Maternal protein restriction during pregnancy and lactation alters central leptin signalling, increases food intake, and decreases bone mass in 1 year old rat offspring.
Lipid-Induced Signaling Causes Release of Inflammatory Extracellular Vesicles From Hepatocytes.
Suppression of Kv1.5 protects against endothelial apoptosis induced by palmitate and in type 2 diabetes mice.
The Role of Adiponectin in Cardiometabolic Diseases: Effects of Nutritional Interventions.
Fibroblast Growth Factor 21 (Fgf21) Gene Expression Is Elevated in the Liver of Mice Fed a High-Carbohydrate Liquid Diet and Attenuated by a Lipid Emulsion but Is Not Upregulated in the Liver of Mice Fed a High-Fat Obesogenic Diet.
Early Cellular Changes in the Ascending Aorta and Myocardium in a Swine Model of Metabolic Syndrome.
Can ketones compensate for deteriorating brain glucose uptake during aging? Implications for the risk and treatment of Alzheimer's disease.
Serotonin Improves High Fat Diet Induced Obesity in Mice.
Obesity-related abnormalities couple environmental triggers with genetic susceptibility in adult-onset T1D.
Older adults have an altered chylomicron response to a high-fat meal.
Adolescents who engage exclusively in healthy weight control behaviors: Who are they?
Increase in endogenous estradiol in the progeny of obese rats is associated with precocious puberty and altered follicular development in adulthood.
Nutritional stress exacerbates hepatic steatosis induced by deletion of the histidine nucleotide-binding (Hint2) mitochondrial protein.
Protective effect of agaro-oligosaccharides on gut dysbiosis and colon tumorigenesis in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Inhibition of Thrombin With PPACK-Nanoparticles Restores Disrupted Endothelial Barriers and Attenuates Thrombotic Risk in Experimental Atherosclerosis.
Prenatal nicotine exposure induces poor articular cartilage quality in female adult offspring fed a high-fat diet and the intrauterine programming mechanisms.
Lipoic acid improves neuronal insulin signalling and rescues cognitive function regulating VGlut1 expression in high-fat-fed rats: Implications for Alzheimer's disease.
Endothelial primary cilia inhibit atherosclerosis.
The Association between Dairy Intake and Breast Cancer in Western and Asian Populations: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Hawthorn leaf flavonoids alleviate nonalcoholic fatty liver disease by enhancing the adiponectin/AMPK pathway.
Sitagliptin downregulates retinol-binding protein 4 and upregulates glucose transporter type 4 expression in a type 2 diabetes mellitus rat model.
Investigation of PI3K/PKB/mTOR/S6K1 signaling pathway in relationship of type 2 diabetes and Alzheimer's disease.
Role of Galectin-3 in Obesity and Impaired Glucose Homeostasis.
Microalgal Oil Supplementation Has an Anti-Obesity Effect in C57BL/6J Mice Fed a High Fat Diet.
High Hydrostatic Pressure Extract of Red Ginseng Attenuates Inflammation in Rats with High-fat Diet Induced Obesity.
A Combination of Human Embryonic Stem Cell-Derived Pancreatic Endoderm Transplant with LDHA-Repressing miRNA Can Attenuate High-Fat Diet Induced Type II Diabetes in Mice.
Modulation Effect of Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor Agonists on Lipid Droplet Proteins in Liver.
Acetylshikonin from Zicao Prevents Obesity in Rats on a High-Fat Diet by Inhibiting Lipid Accumulation and Inducing Lipolysis.
Di(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate exacerbates non-alcoholic fatty liver in rats and its potential mechanisms.
The effect of the paraoxonase 1 (PON1) T(-107)C polymorphism on serum PON1 activity in women is dependent on fatty acid intake.
Chokeberry attenuates the expression of genes related to de novo lipogenesis in the hepatocytes of mice with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Adzuki bean ameliorates hepatic lipogenesis and proinflammatory mediator expression in mice fed a high-cholesterol and high-fat diet to induce nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Testosterone deprivation has neither additive nor synergistic effects with obesity on the cognitive impairment in orchiectomized and/or obese male rats.
May maternal lifestyle have an impact on neonatal glucose levels?
Hepatic Transmembrane 6 Superfamily Member 2 Regulates Cholesterol Metabolism in Mice.
Coral calcium hydride prevents hepatic steatosis in high fat diet-induced obese rats: A potent mitochondrial nutrient and phase II enzyme inducer.
Effects of an individual weight-adjusted feeding strategy in early lactation on milk production of Holstein cows during extended lactation.
Reply to: High-Fat Diet-Induced Dysbiosis as a Cause of Neuroinflammation.
High-Fat Diet-Induced Dysbiosis as a Cause of Neuroinflammation.
miR-322 regulates insulin signaling pathway and protects against metabolic syndrome-induced cardiac dysfunction in mice.
The role of endoplasmic reticulum stress in hippocampal insulin resistance.
Metabolic alteration in obese diabetes rats upon treatment with Centella asiatica extract.
Dietary component isorhamnetin is a PPARγ antagonist and ameliorates metabolic disorders induced by diet or leptin deficiency.
Virgin Olive Oil and Hypertension.
[Pregnancy-associated hormones and fetal-maternal relations].
Resistance training prevents the cardiovascular changes caused by high-fat diet.
Bisdemethoxycurcumin Inhibits Adipogenesis in 3T3-L1 Preadipocytes and Suppresses Obesity in High-Fat Diet-Fed C57BL/6 Mice.
Chlorogenic Acid Maintains Glucose Homeostasis through Modulating the Expression of SGLT-1, GLUT-2, and PLG in Different Intestinal Segments of Sprague-Dawley Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Carbazole-containing sulfonamides and sulfamides: Discovery of cryptochrome modulators as antidiabetic agents.
Short communication: Intake, milk production, and milk fatty acid profile of dairy cows fed diets combining fresh forage with a total mixed ration.
The odd-carbon medium-chain fatty triglyceride triheptanoin does not reduce hepatic steatosis.
Metabolomic Profiling of Arginine Metabolome Links Altered Methylation to Chronic Kidney Disease Accelerated Atherosclerosis.
The effects of a high protein diet on indices of health and body composition--a crossover trial in resistance-trained men.
Are dietary habits of the Polish population consistent with the recommendations for prevention of cardiovascular disease? - WOBASZ II project.
The lysyl oxidase inhibitor (β-aminopropionitrile) reduces leptin profibrotic effects and ameliorates cardiovascular remodeling in diet-induced obesity in rats.
Antiaging Gene Klotho Deficiency Promoted High-Fat Diet-Induced Arterial Stiffening via Inactivation of AMP-Activated Protein Kinase.
Body Composition, Food Intake, and Energy Expenditure in a Murine Model of Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass Surgery.
Upregulated Pdx1 and MafA Contribute to β-Cell Function Improvement by Sleeve Gastrectomy.
Non-coding RNA: Inheritance of diet-induced metabolic changes via tsRNAs.
Ketogenic diets: from cancer to mitochondrial diseases and beyond.
Interaction between dietary lipids and gut microbiota regulates hepatic cholesterol metabolism.
The Establishment and Characteristics of Rat Model of Atherosclerosis Induced by Hyperuricemia.
Synthesis, Spectral Characterization, and Biochemical Evaluation of Antidiabetic Properties of a New Zinc-Diosmin Complex Studied in High Fat Diet Fed-Low Dose Streptozotocin Induced Experimental Type 2 Diabetes in Rats.
Notch1 inhibition reduces low shear stress-induced plaque formation.
Impact of Diet Composition in Adult Offspring is Dependent on Maternal Diet during Pregnancy and Lactation in Rats.
Intermittent Moderate Energy Restriction Improves Weight Loss Efficiency in Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Involvement of Nuclear Related Factor 2 Signaling Pathway in the Brain of Obese Rats and Obesity-Resistant Rats Induced by High-Fat Diet.
Programmed hyperphagia in offspring of obese dams: Altered expression of hypothalamic nutrient sensors, neurogenic factors and epigenetic modulators.
Imbalanced OPA1 processing and mitochondrial fragmentation cause heart failure in mice.
PAFR in adipose tissue macrophages is associated with anti-inflammatory phenotype and metabolic homoeostasis.
Oral intake of a combination of glucosyl hesperidin and caffeine elicits an anti-obesity effect in healthy, moderately obese subjects: a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial.
Notch1 deficiency decreases hepatic lipid accumulation by induction of fatty acid oxidation.
Intermedin/adrenomedullin 2 polypeptide promotes adipose tissue browning and reduces high-fat diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance in mice.
Effects of dietary phosphate on glucose and lipid metabolism.
Dairy consumption and CVD: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Interactions between retinol, α-tocopherol and cholecalciferol need consideration in diets for farmed mink (Mustela vison).
Maladaptive Modulations of NLRP3 Inflammasome and Cardioprotective Pathways Are Involved in Diet-Induced Exacerbation of Myocardial Ischemia/Reperfusion Injury in Mice.
Cholesterol Enhances the Toxic Effect of Ethanol and Acetaldehyde in Primary Mouse Hepatocytes.
A Glyoxalase-1 Knockdown Does Not Have Major Short Term Effects on Energy Expenditure and Atherosclerosis in Mice.
Endurance and Resistance Training Affect High Fat Diet-Induced Increase of Ceramides, Inflammasome Expression, and Systemic Inflammation in Mice.
A Randomized Study of the Effects of Additional Fruit and Nuts Consumption on Hepatic Fat Content, Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Basal Metabolic Rate.
Puerarin Protects Pancreatic β-Cells in Obese Diabetic Mice via Activation of GLP-1R Signaling.
Intestinal Bile Acid Composition Modulates Prohormone Convertase 1/3 (PC1/3) Expression and Consequent GLP-1 Production in Male Mice.
Pulsatile Hyperglycaemia Induces Vascular Oxidative Stress and GLUT 1 Expression More Potently than Sustained Hyperglycaemia in Rats on High Fat Diet.
Diastolic Dysfunction Induced by a High-Fat Diet Is Associated with Mitochondrial Abnormality and Adenosine Triphosphate Levels in Rats.
Smart conjugated polymer nanocarrier for healthy weight loss by negative feedback regulation of lipase activity.
Weight-loss diets and 2-y changes in circulating amino acids in 2 randomized intervention trials.
Heritability of hyperresponsivity of brain reward regions to high-calorie food.
Adolescent intake of animal fat and red meat in relation to premenopausal mammographic density.
Investigation of a role for ghrelin signaling in binge-like feeding in mice under limited access to high-fat diet.
Chronic CNS oxytocin signaling preferentially induces fat loss in high-fat diet-fed rats by enhancing satiety responses and increasing lipid utilization.
Stearoyl-CoA desaturase indexes and n-6/n-3 fatty acids ratio as biomarkers of cardiometabolic risk factors in normal-weight rabbits fed high fat diets.
High-fat diet-induced obesity triggers alveolar bone loss and spontaneous periodontal disease in growing mice.
Pu-erh tea extract ameliorates high-fat diet-induced nonalcoholic steatohepatitis and insulin resistance by modulating hepatic IL-6/STAT3 signaling in mice.
The effect of high-fat diet on rat's mood, feeding behavior and response to stress.
Obesity is associated with changes in oxysterol metabolism and levels in mice liver, hypothalamus, adipose tissue and plasma.
Inhibition of Inflammation and iNOS Improves Lymphatic Function in Obesity.
In silico, in vitro and in vivo analyses of dipeptidyl peptidase IV inhibitory activity and the antidiabetic effect of sodium caseinate hydrolysate.
Effect of Coenzyme Q10 Supplementation in Statin-Treated Obese Rats.
Pioglitazone attenuates hepatic inflammation and fibrosis in phosphatidylethanolamine N-methyltransferase-deficient mice.
Comment on Patel et al. ACE2 Deficiency Worsens Epicardial Adipose Tissue Inflammation and Cardiac Dysfunction in Response to Diet-Induced Obesity. Diabetes 2016;65:85-95.
Response to Comment on Patel et al. ACE2 Deficiency Worsens Epicardial Adipose Tissue Inflammation and Cardiac Dysfunction in Response to Diet-Induced Obesity. Diabetes 2016;65:85-95.
Oral Administration of Oleuropein and Its Semisynthetic Peracetylated Derivative Prevents Hepatic Steatosis, Hyperinsulinemia, and Weight Gain in Mice Fed with High Fat Cafeteria Diet.
Antioxidation Effect of Simvastatin in Aorta and Hippocampus: A Rabbit Model Fed High-Cholesterol Diet.
An Investigation into the Antiobesity Effects of Morinda citrifolia L. Leaf Extract in High Fat Diet Induced Obese Rats Using a (1)H NMR Metabolomics Approach.
Modulating the Gut Microbiota Improves Glucose Tolerance, Lipoprotein Profile and Atherosclerotic Plaque Development in ApoE-Deficient Mice.
Safety of long-term restrictive diets for peroxisomal disorders: vitamin and trace element status of patients treated for Adult Refsum Disease.
[Diastolic heart failure treated by diet].
Smooth Muscle Hypoxia-Inducible Factor 1α Links Intravascular Pressure and Atherosclerosis--Brief Report.
Apigenin and naringenin regulate glucose and lipid metabolism, and ameliorate vascular dysfunction in type 2 diabetic rats.
Maternal high-fat diet impairs cardiac function in offspring of diabetic pregnancy through metabolic stress and mitochondrial dysfunction.
A subset of enteroendocrine cells is activated by amino acids in the Drosophila midgut.
Myeloid Acyl-CoA:Cholesterol Acyltransferase 1 Deficiency Reduces Lesion Macrophage Content and Suppresses Atherosclerosis Progression.
Obesity and colorectal cancer: molecular features of adipose tissue.
Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor MK-626 restores insulin secretion through enhancing autophagy in high fat diet-induced mice.
Healthy lifestyle factors and incident heart disease and mortality in candidates for primary prevention with statin therapy.
Melatonin and L-carnitin improves endothelial disfunction and oxidative stress in Type 2 diabetic rats.
Wen-Xin Decoction ameliorates vascular endothelium dysfunction via the PI3K/AKT/eNOS pathway in experimental atherosclerosis in rats.
CoA protects against the deleterious effects of caloric overload in Drosophila.
Epigenetic modifications by inhibiting histone deacetylases reverse memory impairment in insulin resistance induced cognitive deficit in mice.
Tadalafil reduces visceral adipose tissue accumulation by promoting preadipocytes differentiation towards a metabolically healthy phenotype: Studies in rabbits.
Korean Pine Nut Oil Attenuated Hepatic Triacylglycerol Accumulation in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Tissue-specific expression of ghrelinergic and NUCB2/nesfatin-1 systems in goldfish (Carassius auratus) is modulated by macronutrient composition of diets.
Reduced-fat dried distillers grains with solubles reduces the risk for milk fat depression and supports milk production and ruminal fermentation in dairy cows.
Interactions between dietary oil treatments and genetic variants modulate fatty acid ethanolamides in plasma and body weight composition.
Carboxylesterase 2 prevents liver steatosis by modulating lipolysis, endoplasmic reticulum stress, and lipogenesis and is regulated by hepatocyte nuclear factor 4 alpha in mice.
Wild ginseng cambial meristematic cells ameliorate hepatic steatosis and mitochondrial dysfunction in high-fat diet-fed mice.
[Effect of DPP4 inhibitor sitagliptin on expressions of early growth response-1 and fibronectin in the kidney of ApoE gene knockout mice].
Juçara pulp supplementation improves glucose tolerance in mice.
Hepatic adenylate cyclase 3 is upregulated by Liraglutide and subsequently plays a protective role in insulin resistance and obesity.
Therapeutic Effects of Tangshen Formula on Diabetic Nephropathy in Rats.
Anti-vascular endothelial growth factor treatment induces blood flow recovery through vascular remodeling in high-fat diet induced diabetic mice.
Human 'brite/beige' adipocytes develop from capillary networks, and their implantation improves metabolic homeostasis in mice.
Hepatocyte mitochondrial DNA drives nonalcoholic steatohepatitis by activation of TLR9.
Postprandial Hypertriglyceridemia Predicts Development of Insulin Resistance Glucose Intolerance and Type 2 Diabetes.
Correction: Hepatocyte-Specific Depletion of UBXD8 Induces Periportal Steatosis in Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Psychosocial Quality-of-Life, Lifestyle and Adiposity: A Longitudinal Study in Pre-schoolers (Ballabeina Study).
Subclinical-Dose Endotoxin Sustains Low-Grade Inflammation and Exacerbates Steatohepatitis in High-Fat Diet-Fed Mice.
Dietary Intake at 9 Years and Subsequent Body Mass Index in Adolescent Boys and Girls: A Study of Monozygotic Twin Pairs.
24-h urinary sodium excretion is associated with obesity in a cross-sectional sample of Australian schoolchildren.
Effects of Diet Composition and Insulin Resistance Status on Plasma Lipid Levels in a Weight Loss Intervention in Women.
Diet and nutritional factors in inflammatory bowel diseases.
Effects of corn type and fasting time before slaughter on growth and plasma index in weaning pigs.
Evaluation of isoquinoline alkaloid supplementation levels on ruminal fermentation, characteristics of digestion, and microbial protein synthesis in steers fed a high-energy diet.
Silencing CCR2 in Macrophages Alleviates Adipose Tissue Inflammation and the Associated Metabolic Syndrome in Dietary Obese Mice.
SIRT3-AMP-Activated Protein Kinase Activation by Nitrite and Metformin Improves Hyperglycemia and Normalizes Pulmonary Hypertension Associated With Heart Failure With Preserved Ejection Fraction.
Ahnak stimulates BMP2-mediated adipocyte differentiation through Smad1 activation.
Diet-induced obesity in mice diminishes hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells in the bone marrow.
Lipotoxicity in steatohepatitis occurs despite an increase in tricarboxylic acid cycle activity.
High-fat diets exaggerate endocrine and metabolic phenotypes in a rat model of DHEA-induced PCOS.
[Protective effects of metformin on glomerular podocytes of type 2 diabetes model rats].
Mastalgia: Characteristics and Associated Factors in Thai Women.
Higher compared with lower dietary protein during an energy deficit combined with intense exercise promotes greater lean mass gain and fat mass loss: a randomized trial.
Vitamin D mitigates the adverse effects of obesity on breast cancer in mice.
Prenatal exposure to soy and selenium reduces prostate cancer risk factors in TRAMP mice more than exposure beginning at six weeks.
Dietary fat and corticosterone levels are contributing factors to meal anticipation.
Corticosterone administration in drinking water decreases high-fat diet intake but not preference in male rats.
Obesity Weighs down Memory through a Mechanism Involving the Neuroepigenetic Dysregulation of Sirt1.
A High-Fat Diet Causes Impairment in Hippocampal Memory and Sex-Dependent Alterations in Peripheral Metabolism.
Smartphone Applications for Promoting Healthy Diet and Nutrition: A Literature Review.
Protective effect of Spirulina platensis against cell damage and apoptosis in hepatic tissue caused by high fat diet.
Central proopiomelanocortin but not neuropeptide Y mediates sympathoexcitation and hypertension in fat fed conscious rabbits.
Increased levels of brain serotonin correlated with MMP-9 activity and IL-4 levels resulted in severe experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis (EAE) in obese mice.
Very-low and low-density lipoproteins induce neutral lipid accumulation and impair migration in monocyte subsets.
Blockade of Tim-1 and Tim-4 Enhances Atherosclerosis in Low-Density Lipoprotein Receptor-Deficient Mice.
Pioglitazone-Incorporated Nanoparticles Prevent Plaque Destabilization and Rupture by Regulating Monocyte/Macrophage Differentiation in ApoE-/- Mice.
Platelet CD40 Exacerbates Atherosclerosis by Transcellular Activation of Endothelial Cells and Leukocytes.
PGC-1α Coordinates Mitochondrial Respiratory Capacity and Muscular Fatty Acid Uptake via Regulation of VEGF-B.
Unacylated Ghrelin Reduces Skeletal Muscle Reactive Oxygen Species Generation and Inflammation and Prevents High-Fat Diet-Induced Hyperglycemia and Whole-Body Insulin Resistance in Rodents.
Sorcin Links Pancreatic β-Cell Lipotoxicity to ER Ca2+ Stores.
Matrix metalloproteinase 12 modulates high-fat-diet induced glomerular fibrogenesis and inflammation in a mouse model of obesity.
Comparison of potential preventive effects of pomegranate flower, peel and seed oil on insulin resistance and inflammation in high-fat and high-sucrose diet-induced obesity mice model.
Anti-obesity effect of extract from fermented Curcuma longa L. through regulation of adipogenesis and lipolysis pathway in high-fat diet-induced obese rats.
The effects of high fat diet and estradiol on hypothalamic prepro-QRFP mRNA expression in female rats.
Impaired Glucose and Insulin Homeostasis in Moderate-Severe CKD.
Protective effects of berberine on high fat-induced kidney damage by increasing serum adiponectin and promoting insulin sensitivity.
Morphoquantitative analysis of the Ileum of C57BL/6 mice (Mus musculus) fed with a high-fat diet.
High-fat diet impairs spatial memory and hippocampal intrinsic excitability and sex-dependently alters circulating insulin and hippocampal insulin sensitivity.
Mice Abundant in Muricholic Bile Acids Show Resistance to Dietary Induced Steatosis, Weight Gain, and to Impaired Glucose Metabolism.
Inhibitory Effect of Serotonin Antagonist on Leukocyte-Endothelial Interactions In Vivo and In Vitro.
Correction: Simvastatin Attenuates Oxidative Stress, NF-κB Activation, and Artery Calcification in LDLR-/- Mice Fed with High Fat Diet via Down-regulation of Tumor Necrosis Factor-α and TNF Receptor 1.
Dietary quality and patterns and non-communicable disease risk of an Indian community in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Combined effect of unsaturated fatty acids and saturated fatty acids on the metabolic syndrome: Tehran lipid and glucose study.
Ethanol extract of Zhongtian hawthorn lowers serum cholesterol in mice by inhibiting transcription of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA reductase via nuclear factor-kappa B signal pathway.
Genetic models rule out a major role of beta cell glycogen in the control of glucose homeostasis.
PPARγ activation alters fatty acid composition in adipose triglyceride, in addition to proliferation of small adipocytes, in insulin resistant high-fat fed rats.
Effect of dietary Schizochytrium microalga oil on selected markers of low-grade inflammation in rats.
Interplay between exercise and dietary fat modulates myelinogenesis in the central nervous system.
Counter effects of N. Sativa L. and P. ovate L. on indicative markers of non alcoholic fatty liver disease.
The role of foregut exclusion in the deterioration of glucose and lipid metabolism induced by a high-fat diet.
Obesity-induced p53 activation in insulin-dependent and independent tissues is inhibited by beta-adrenergic agonist in diet-induced obese rats.
SOCS3 expression within leptin receptor-expressing cells regulates food intake and leptin sensitivity but does not affect weight gain in pregnant mice consuming a high-fat diet.
Mechanisms Involved in the Improvement of Lipotoxicity and Impaired Lipid Metabolism by Dietary α-Linolenic Acid Rich Salvia hispanica L (Salba) Seed in the Heart of Dyslipemic Insulin-Resistant Rats.
Effects of Incretin-Based Therapies on Neuro-Cardiovascular Dynamic Changes Induced by High Fat Diet in Rats.
High-Fat Diet Changes Hippocampal Apolipoprotein E (ApoE) in a Genotype- and Carbohydrate-Dependent Manner in Mice.
Myeloid interferon-γ receptor deficiency does not affect atherosclerosis in LDLR(-/-) mice.
[Interaction of MIF gene -173G/C polymorphism and GPX1 gene 594C/T polymorphism with high-fat diet in ulcerative colitis].
Maternal high-fat feeding in pregnancy programs atherosclerotic lesion size in the ApoE*3 Leiden mouse.
A novel combined glucocorticoid-mineralocorticoid receptor selective modulator markedly prevents weight gain and fat mass expansion in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Vagus Nerve Stimulation Improves Cardiac Function by Preventing Mitochondrial Dysfunction in Obese-Insulin Resistant Rats.
Antidiabetic and hypolipidemic effects of adropinin streoptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetic rats.
MicroRNA-181b Improves Glucose Homeostasis and Insulin Sensitivity by Regulating Endothelial Function in White Adipose Tissue.
Comparison of Serum Adiponectin in Smoke-induced Pulmonary Emphysema Rats Fed Different Diets.
Glucagon-like peptide-2 treatment improves glucose dysmetabolism in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Alleviation of high-fat diet-induced atherosclerosis and glucose intolerance by a novel GLP-1 fusion protein in ApoE(-/-) mice.
Fish oil alleviated high-fat diet-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease via regulating hepatic lipids metabolism and metaflammation: a transcriptomic study.
Intestinal Phospholipid Remodeling Is Required for Dietary-Lipid Uptake and Survival on a High-Fat Diet.
Cocoa tea (Camellia ptilophylla) water extract inhibits adipocyte differentiation in mouse 3T3-L1 preadipocytes.
Fat, Calories, and Cancer.
Traumatic brain injury and obesity induce persistent central insulin resistance.
SGK1 is modulated by resistin in vascular smooth muscle cells and in the aorta following diet-induced obesity.
Role of chrysin on expression of insulin signaling molecules.
Skeletal Muscle Mitochondrial Bioenergetics and Morphology in High Fat Diet Induced Obesity and Insulin Resistance: Focus on Dietary Fat Source.
Energy metabolism in neuroblastoma and Wilms tumor.
Endothelial Dicer promotes atherosclerosis and vascular inflammation by miRNA-103-mediated suppression of KLF4.
Anti-steatotic and anti-inflammatory roles of syringic acid in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
PKR is not obligatory for high-fat diet-induced obesity and its associated metabolic and inflammatory complications.
Periodontitis induced by <i>Porphyromonas gingivalis</i> drives periodontal microbiota dysbiosis and insulin resistance via an impaired adaptive immune response.
Improving Effect of the Acute Administration of Dietary Fiber-Enriched Cereals on Blood Glucose Levels and Gut Hormone Secretion.
Leptin receptor signaling is required for high-fat diet-induced atrophic gastritis in mice.
Dietary intake of cod and scallop reduces atherosclerotic burden in female apolipoprotein E-deficient mice fed a Western-type high fat diet for 13 weeks.
Curcumin Attenuates Oxidative Stress and Activation of Redox-Sensitive Kinases in High Fructose- and High-Fat-Fed Male Wistar Rats.
Myocardial Structural and Biological Anomalies Induced by High Fat Diet in Psammomys obesus Gerbils.
Therapeutic Efficacy of an ω-3-Fatty Acid-Containing 17-β Estradiol Nano-Delivery System against Experimental Atherosclerosis.
Combined treatment with caffeic and ferulic acid from Baccharis uncinella C. DC. (Asteraceae) protects against metabolic syndrome in mice.
Na+-sensitive elevation in blood pressure is ENaC independent in diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance.
Endurance exercise ameliorates low birthweight developed catch-up growth related metabolic dysfunctions in a mouse model.
Perinatal exposure to germinated brown rice and its gamma amino-butyric acid-rich extract prevents high fat diet-induced insulin resistance in first generation rat offspring.
Campylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli in wild birds on Danish livestock farms.
High resolution Physio-chemical Tissue Analysis: Towards Non-invasive In Vivo Biopsy.
Detrimental effects of high-fat diet loading on vascular endothelial function and therapeutic efficacy of ezetimibe and statins in patients with type 2 diabetes.
PreImplantation factor prevents atherosclerosis via its immunomodulatory effects without affecting serum lipids.
A dose-response evaluation of freeze-dried strawberries independent of fiber content on metabolic indices in abdominally obese individuals with insulin resistance in a randomized, single-blinded, diet-controlled crossover trial.
Agrimonia pilosa Ledeb., Cinnamomum cassia Blume, and Lonicera japonica Thunb. protect against cognitive dysfunction and energy and glucose dysregulation by reducing neuroinflammation and hippocampal insulin resistance in β-amyloid-infused rats.
Lipid-lowering, hepatoprotective, and atheroprotective effects of the mixture Hong-Qu and gypenosides in hyperlipidemia with NAFLD rats.
Single frequency intake of α-linolenic acid rich phytosterol esters attenuates atherosclerosis risk factors in hamsters fed a high fat diet.
Effects of Bariatric Surgery on Serum Bile Acid Composition and Conjugation in a Diabetic Rat Model.
Timing of expression of the core clock gene Bmal1 influences its effects on aging and survival.
Quantitative succinylome analysis in the liver of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease rat model.
Skeletal muscle salt inducible kinase 1 promotes insulin resistance in obesity.
EBF2 promotes the recruitment of beige adipocytes in white adipose tissue.
Anti-obesity effects of seaweeds of Jeju Island on the differentiation of 3T3-L1 preadipocytes and obese mice fed a high-fat diet.
Preventive effect of curcumin on inflammation, oxidative stress and insulin resistance in high-fat fed obese rats.
Targeting arginase-II protects mice from high-fat-diet-induced hepatic steatosis through suppression of macrophage inflammation.
Ethanol extract of Pinus koraiensis leaves containing lambertianic acid exerts anti-obesity and hypolipidemic effects by activating adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK).
Increased expression of FGF1-mediated signaling molecules in adipose tissue of obese mice.
High dietary cholesterol intake during lactation promotes development of fatty liver in offspring of mice.
Reprogramming of defended body weight after Roux-En-Y gastric bypass surgery in diet-induced obese mice.
Differential ontogenetic exposure to obesogenic environment induces hyperproliferative status and nuclear receptors imbalance in the rat prostate at adulthood.
Cannabinoid receptor type 1 mediates high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance by increasing forkhead box O1 activity in a mouse model of obesity.
Effects of dietary resistant starch content on metabolic status, milk composition, and microbial profiling in lactating sows and on offspring performance.
Hypoxia-Inducible Factor Prolyl 4-Hydroxylase-2 Inhibition Protects Against Development of Atherosclerosis.
Mediterranean diet for breast cancer prevention and treatment in postmenopausal women.
Hypolipidemic Effects of Alkaloids from Rhizoma Coptidis in Diet-Induced Hyperlipidemic Hamsters.
Comparison of Metabolites Variation and Antiobesity Effects of Fermented versus Nonfermented Mixtures of Cudrania tricuspidata, Lonicera caerulea, and Soybean According to Fermentation In Vitro and In Vivo.
Maternal Dietary Patterns are Associated with Lower Levels of Cardiometabolic Markers during Pregnancy.
Short-term high salt intake reduces brachial artery and microvascular function in the absence of changes in blood pressure.
Neuroprotective effect of berberine is mediated by MAPK signaling pathway in experimental diabetic neuropathy in rats.
A long-term high-fat, high-sucrose diet in Bama minipigs promotes lipid deposition and amyotrophy by up-regulating the myostatin pathway.
Baicalin attenuates high fat diet-induced insulin resistance and ectopic fat storage in skeletal muscle, through modulating the protein kinase B/Glycogen synthase kinase 3 beta pathway.
[Meta-analysis on causes of ulcerative colitis].
Possible effects of Phillyrea latifolia on weight loss in rats fed a high-energy diet.
Hypolipidemic potential of perillaldehyde-loaded self-nanoemulsifying delivery system in high-fat diet induced hyperlipidemic mice: Formulation, in vitro and in vivo evaluation.
Oxidative stress and metabolic disorders: Pathogenesis and therapeutic strategies.
Future consequences of decreasing marginal production efficiency in the high-yielding dairy cow.
Lactation performance of dairy cows fed yeast-derived microbial protein in low- and high-forage diets.
Arctigenin Inhibits Adipogenesis by Inducing AMPK Activation and Reduces Weight Gain in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Exosome-like vesicles released from lipid-induced insulin-resistant muscles modulate gene expression and proliferation of beta recipient cells in mice.
[Peptide Regulation of Metabolic Processes under Hypercholesterinemia Conditions of an Organism].
[Features of food priorities in urban population of Kazakhstan in regard of consumption of foods with high glycemic index and significant content of fat].
Time-dependent behavioral, neurochemical, and metabolic dysregulation in female C57BL/6 mice caused by chronic high-fat diet intake.
Curcumin analog L3 alleviates diabetic atherosclerosis by multiple effects.
Ceramide Synthase 5 Is Essential to Maintain C16:0-Ceramide Pools and Contributes to the Development of Diet-induced Obesity.
Effects of high-fat diet-induced obesity and diabetes on Kiss1 and GPR54 expression in the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal (HPG) axis and peripheral organs (fat, pancreas and liver) in male rats.
Galectin-3 inhibition prevents adipose tissue remodelling in obesity.
Loss of Adipose Fatty Acid Oxidation Does Not Potentiate Obesity at Thermoneutrality.
Chrysobalanus icaco L. Leaves Normalizes Insulin Sensitivity and Blood Glucose and Inhibits Weight Gain in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Environmental enrichment reverses cognitive impairments provoked by Western diet in rats: Role of corticosteroid receptors.
High-fat diet exacerbates cognitive rigidity and social deficiency in the BTBR mouse model of autism.
Fructose consumption does not worsen bone deficits resulting from high-fat feeding in young male rats.
Lack of hepcidin expression attenuates steatosis and causes fibrosis in the liver.
Influence of environmental factors in the development of inflammatory bowel diseases.
High-fat diet increases ghrelin-expressing cells in stomach, contributing to obesity.
Role of Dietary Fructose and Hepatic De Novo Lipogenesis in Fatty Liver Disease.
A mitochondrial-targeted ubiquinone modulates muscle lipid profile and improves mitochondrial respiration in obesogenic diet-fed rats.
Two-Point Stretchable Electrode Array for Endoluminal Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy Measurements of Lipid-Laden Atherosclerotic Plaques.
Bif-1 deficiency impairs lipid homeostasis and causes obesity accompanied by insulin resistance.
Dietary Omega-3 Fatty Acids Increase Survival and Decrease Bacterial Load in Mice Subjected to Staphylococcus aureus-Induced Sepsis.
Long-Acting Phospholipid Gel of Exenatide for Long-Term Therapy of Type II Diabetes.
Chronic Alcohol Consumption Causes Liver Injury in High-Fructose-Fed Male Mice Through Enhanced Hepatic Inflammatory Response.
Reversal of murine alcoholic steatohepatitis by pepducin-based functional blockade of interleukin-8 receptors.
Early life exposure to obesogenic diets and learning and memory dysfunction.
CYP2J2 Overexpression Increases EETs and Protects Against HFD-Induced Atherosclerosis in ApoE-/- Mice.
Hexim1, a Novel Regulator of Leptin Function, Modulates Obesity and Glucose Disposal.
Ketogenic diet and other dietary treatments for epilepsy.
Aortic VCAM-1: an early marker of vascular inflammation in collagen-induced arthritis.
Targeting hepatic TRAF1-ASK1 signaling to improve inflammation, insulin resistance, and hepatic steatosis.
Mediterranean diet cools down the inflammatory milieu in type 2 diabetes: the MÉDITA randomized controlled trial.
Blood glucose fluctuation accelerates renal injury involved to inhibit the AKT signaling pathway in diabetic rats.
Diet-induced and mono-genetic obesity alter volatile organic compound signature in mice.
Targeting the ERK signaling pathway as a potential treatment for insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes.
Psoralea corylifolia L. Seed Extract Attenuates Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
PlGF/VEGFR-1 Signaling Promotes Macrophage Polarization and Accelerated Tumor Progression in Obesity.
Neuroprotective effects of metformin against Aβ-mediated inhibition of long-term potentiation in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Transcriptome adaptation of the bovine mammary gland to diets rich in unsaturated fatty acids shows greater impact of linseed oil over safflower oil on gene expression and metabolic pathways.
Nonlinear transcriptomic response to dietary fat intake in the small intestine of C57BL/6J mice.
Circadian control of oscillations in mitochondrial rate-limiting enzymes and nutrient utilization by PERIOD proteins.
Diet-Induced Obesity and Ghrelin Effects on Pituitary Gonadotrophs: Immunohistomorphometric Study in Male Rats.
Short-Term High-Fat Diet Feeding Provides Hypothalamic but Not Hippocampal Protection against Acute Infection in Male Mice.
Decreased exposure of atorvastatin in diabetic rats partly due to induction of hepatic Cyp3a and Oatp2.
Roux-en-Y gastric bypass in rats progressively decreases the proportion of fat calories selected from a palatable cafeteria diet.
Ablation of eNOS does not promote adipose tissue inflammation.
Perceived Social Support From Friends and Parents for Eating Behavior and Diet Quality Among Low-Income, Urban, Minority Youth.
Aryl Hydrocarbon Receptor Plays Protective Roles against High Fat Diet (HFD)-induced Hepatic Steatosis and the Subsequent Lipotoxicity via Direct Transcriptional Regulation of Socs3 Gene Expression.
Dietary Broccoli Lessens Development of Fatty Liver and Liver Cancer in Mice Given Diethylnitrosamine and Fed a Western or Control Diet.
Anti-inflammatory and anti-diabetic effects of brown seaweeds in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Expression of the Bitter Taste Receptor, T2R38, in Enteroendocrine Cells of the Colonic Mucosa of Overweight/Obese vs. Lean Subjects.
[Effect of Berberine on the Insulin Resistance and TLR4/IKKbeta/NF-kappaB Signaling Pathways in Skeletal Muscle of Obese Rats with Insulin Resistance].
Agaro-oligosaccharides: a new frontier in the fight against colon cancer?
The efficacy of the appetite suppressant, diethylpropion, is dependent on both when it is given (day vs. night) and under conditions of high fat dietary restriction.
Interleukin-15-mediated inflammation promotes non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Gene expression profiling of white adipose tissue reveals paternal transmission of proneness to obesity.
Lipids and immunoinflammatory pathways of beta cell destruction.
Free fatty acids, not triglycerides, are associated with non-alcoholic liver injury progression in high fat diet induced obese rats.
Diet-induced changes in maternal gut microbiota and metabolomic profiles influence programming of offspring obesity risk in rats.
Physicochemical Properties of Microencapsulated ω-3 Salmon Oil with Egg White Powder.
Effect of low-glycemic-sugar-sweetened beverages on glucose metabolism and macronutrient oxidation in healthy men.
Inhibition of Mitochondrial Fission and NOX2 Expression Prevent NLRP3 Inflammasome Activation in the Endothelium: The Role of Corosolic Acid Action in the Amelioration of Endothelial Dysfunction.
Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension Diet and Incidence of Stroke: Results From 2 Prospective Cohorts.
Ginsenoside Rg1 ameliorates diabetic cardiomyopathy by inhibiting endoplasmic reticulum stress-induced apoptosis in a streptozotocin-induced diabetes rat model.
The Role of Steroid Hormones in the Modulation of Neuroinflammation by Dietary Interventions.
The development of tumours under a ketogenic diet in association with the novel tumour marker TKTL1: A case series in general practice.
Amelioration of Metabolic Syndrome-Associated Cognitive Impairments in Mice via a Reduction in Dietary Fat Content or Infusion of Non-Diabetic Plasma.
Endothelial Estrogen Receptor-α Does Not Protect Against Vascular Stiffness Induced by Western Diet in Female Mice.
Macrophage CGI-58 Attenuates Inflammatory Responsiveness via Promotion of PPARγ Signaling.
Fibroblast Growth Factor 21 (FGF21) Protects against High Fat Diet Induced Inflammation and Islet Hyperplasia in Pancreas.
Reciprocal Effects on Neurocognitive and Metabolic Phenotypes in Mouse Models of 16p11.2 Deletion and Duplication Syndromes.
Effects of an acute bout of moderate-intensity exercise on postprandial lipemia and airway inflammation.
Chemerin in peritoneal sepsis and its associations with glucose metabolism and prognosis: a translational cross-sectional study.
Maternal high-fat diet increases independent feeding in pre-weanling rat pups.
Therapeutic effects of quercetin on early inflammation in hypertriglyceridemia-related acute pancreatitis and its mechanism.
iPLA2β deficiency attenuates obesity and hepatic steatosis in ob/ob mice through hepatic fatty-acyl phospholipid remodeling.
Resveratrol Protects SAMP8 Brain Under Metabolic Stress: Focus on Mitochondrial Function and Wnt Pathway.
Energy-restricted, high-protein diets more effectively impact cardiometabolic profile in overweight and obese women than lower-protein diets.
Omega-3 fatty acids partially revert the metabolic gene expression profile induced by long-term calorie restriction.
Ketogenic diet restores aberrant cortical motor maps and excitation-to-inhibition imbalance in the BTBR mouse model of autism spectrum disorder.
Fish oil diet modulates epididymal and inguinal adipocyte metabolism in mice.
Loss of Muscle MTCH2 Increases Whole-Body Energy Utilization and Protects from Diet-Induced Obesity.
Prevention of antibiotic-associated metabolic syndrome in mice by intestinal alkaline phosphatase.
1,25-Dihydroxyvitamin D3 and type 2 diabetes: Ca2+-dependent molecular mechanisms and the role of vitamin D status.
Effect of a transcriptional inactive or absent vitamin D receptor on beta-cell function and glucose homeostasis in mice.
Functional Imagery Training to reduce snacking: Testing a novel motivational intervention based on Elaborated Intrusion theory.
In vivo MR and Fluorescence Dual-modality Imaging of Atherosclerosis Characteristics in Mice Using Profilin-1 Targeted Magnetic Nanoparticles.
A low-carbohydrate high-fat diet increases weight gain and does not improve glucose tolerance, insulin secretion or β-cell mass in NZO mice.
Diet-induced alteration of fatty acid synthase in prostate cancer progression.
Composition differences between organic and conventional meat: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
Astaxanthin reduces hepatic lipid accumulations in high-fat-fed C57BL/6J mice via activation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) alpha and inhibition of PPAR gamma and Akt.
High-salt diets during pregnancy increases renal vascular reactivity due to altered soluble guanylyl cyclase-related pathways in rat offspring.
Cinnamon intake alleviates the combined effects of dietary-induced insulin resistance and acute stress on brain mitochondria.
PROP taster status, food preferences and consumption of high-calorie snacks and sweet beverages among 6-year-old ethnically diverse children.
Ovarian kisspeptin expression is related to age and to monocyte chemoattractant protein-1.
Left ventricular deformation associated with cardiomyocyte Ca(2+) transients delay in early stage of low-dose of STZ and high-fat diet induced type 2 diabetic rats.
Effect of long-term high-fat diet intake on peripheral insulin sensibility, blood pressure, and renal function in female rats.
Tenomodulin promotes human adipocyte differentiation and beneficial visceral adipose tissue expansion.
Effects of chronic exercise on the endocannabinoid system in Wistar rats with high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Pharmacological inhibition of galectin-1 by lactulose alleviates weight gain in diet-induced obese rats.
Development of an Experimental Model of Diabetes Co-Existing with Metabolic Syndrome in Rats.
Phenolic Rich Extract from Clinacanthus nutans Attenuates Hyperlipidemia-Associated Oxidative Stress in Rats.
Vitamin B6 Prevents Endothelial Dysfunction, Insulin Resistance, and Hepatic Lipid Accumulation in Apoe (-/-) Mice Fed with High-Fat Diet.
Obesity-Dependent Increases in Oocyte mRNAs Are Associated With Increases in Proinflammatory Signaling and Gut Microbial Abundance of Lachnospiraceae in Female Mice.
Lack of TRPV2 impairs thermogenesis in mouse brown adipose tissue.
[Effect of Buyang Huanwu Decoction on mRNA Expressions of Aorta Rho Kinase and NF-κB p65 in Atherosclerosis Model Rats].
Relationship between Serum Resistin Level of Xinjiang Uygur and Han Subjects with Metabolic Syndrome.
Hepatocyte TRAF3 promotes liver steatosis and systemic insulin resistance through targeting TAK1-dependent signalling.
Differential effects of a high-fat diet on serum lipid parameters and ovarian gene expression in young and aged female mice.
A Translational Model for Diet-related Atherosclerosis: Effect of Statins on Hypercholesterolemia and Atherosclerosis in a Minipig.
Insufficiency of phosphatidylethanolamine N-methyltransferase is risk for lean non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
A MED13-dependent skeletal muscle gene program controls systemic glucose homeostasis and hepatic metabolism.
A review of iron studies in overweight and obese children and adolescents: a double burden in the young?
Anti-diabetes effect of chronic intermittent hypobaric hypoxia through improving liver insulin resistance in diabetic rats.
Gossypol ameliorates liver fibrosis in diabetic rats induced by high-fat diet and streptozocin.
Macrophage infiltration into obese adipose tissues suppresses the induction of UCP1 level in mice.
Long-term oral administration of osteocalcin induces insulin resistance in male mice fed a high-fat, high-sucrose diet.
Disruption of the sugar-sensing receptor T1R2 attenuates metabolic derangements associated with diet-induced obesity.
A 70% Ethanol Extract of Mistletoe Rich in Betulin, Betulinic Acid, and Oleanolic Acid Potentiated β-Cell Function and Mass and Enhanced Hepatic Insulin Sensitivity.
Preclinical analysis of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug usefulness for the simultaneous prevention of steatohepatitis, atherosclerosis and hyperlipidemia.
Ovariectomized Highly Fit Rats Are Protected against Diet-Induced Insulin Resistance.
Flavin-Containing Monooxygenase 3 Reduces Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress in Lipid-Treated Hepatocytes.
Plaque Size Is Decreased but M1 Macrophage Polarization and Rupture Related Metalloproteinase Expression Are Maintained after Deleting T-Bet in ApoE Null Mice.
CHARACTERISTIC OF ACTUAL FOOD AT ELDERLY AND SENILE AGED POPULATION OF YAKUTIA.
Dietary patterns in early childhood and child cognitive and psychomotor development: the Rhea mother-child cohort study in Crete.
N-methylnicotinamide protects against endothelial dysfunction and attenuates atherogenesis in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice.
Mark4 promotes oxidative stress and inflammation via binding to PPARγ and activating NF-κB pathway in mice adipocytes.
Central Agonism of GPR120 Acutely Inhibits Food Intake and Food Reward and Chronically Suppresses Anxiety-Like Behavior in Mice.
Hepcidin in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease regulated by the TLR4/NF-κB signaling pathway.
Effects of a combination of puerarin, baicalin and berberine on the expression of proliferator-activated receptor-γ and insulin receptor in a rat model of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Combination of deep sea water and <i>Sesamum indicum</i> leaf extract prevents high-fat diet-induced obesity through AMPK activation in visceral adipose tissue.
AgRP Neuron-Specific Deletion of Glucocorticoid Receptor Leads to Increased Energy Expenditure and Decreased Body Weight in Female Mice on a High-Fat Diet.
Fuzhuan tea consumption imparts hepatoprotective effects and alters intestinal microbiota in high saturated fat diet-fed rats.
Altered Hepatic Transport by Fetal Arsenite Exposure in Diet-Induced Fatty Liver Disease.
Caspase-2 promotes obesity, the metabolic syndrome and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Lingonberries reduce atherosclerosis in Apoe(-/-) mice in association with altered gut microbiota composition and improved lipid profile.
High-fat diet feeding alters olfactory-, social-, and reward-related behaviors of mice independent of obesity.
Suppression of Endogenous Glucose Production by Isoleucine and Valine and Impact of Diet Composition.
Phlorizin Supplementation Attenuates Obesity, Inflammation, and Hyperglycemia in Diet-Induced Obese Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Preventive obesity agent montmorillonite adsorbs dietary lipids and enhances lipid excretion from the digestive tract.
Molecular alterations induced by a high-fat high-fiber diet in porcine adipose tissues: variations according to the anatomical fat location.
Impact of avocado-enriched diets on plasma lipoproteins: A meta-analysis.
JiangTang XiaoKe granule attenuates cathepsin K expression and improves IGF-1 expression in the bone of high fat diet induced KK-Ay diabetic mice.
Metabolic characteristics of keto-adapted ultra-endurance runners.
Associations of Buccal Cell Telomere Length with Daily Intake of β-Carotene or α-Tocopherol Are Dependent on Carotenoid Metabolism-related Gene Polymorphisms in Healthy Japanese Adults.
Long-term High Fat Ketogenic Diet Promotes Renal Tumor Growth in a Rat Model of Tuberous Sclerosis.
Critical role of the C5a-activated neutrophils in high-fat diet-induced vascular inflammation.
Cinnamaldehyde supplementation prevents fasting-induced hyperphagia, lipid accumulation, and inflammation in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Obesity: PKR not involved in metabolic diseases.
Homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia in childhood: Genotype-phenotype description, established therapies and perspectives.
Isocaloric manipulation of macronutrients within a high-carbohydrate/moderate-fat diet induces unique effects on hepatic lipogenesis, steatosis and liver injury.
Liver-specific deletion of the signal transducer and activator of transcription 5 gene aggravates fatty liver in response to a high-fat diet in mice.
In utero exposure of rats to high-fat diets perturbs gene expression profiles and cancer susceptibility of prepubertal mammary glands.
Brain Insulin Signaling Is Increased in Insulin-Resistant States and Decreases in FOXOs and PGC-1α and Increases in Aβ1-40/42 and Phospho-Tau May Abet Alzheimer Development.
Complement C5 controls liver lipid profile, promotes liver homeostasis and inflammation in C57BL/6 genetic background.
Nicotine Enhances High-Fat Diet-Induced Oxidative Stress in the Kidney.
Effects of different amounts and types of dietary fatty acids on the body weight, fat accumulation, and lipid metabolism in hamsters.
Dyslipidemia-associated alterations in B cell subpopulation frequency and phenotype during experimental atherosclerosis.
Probucol inhibits MMP-9 expression through regulating miR-497 in HUVECs and apoE knockout mice.
Inhibitory effects of Leonurus sibiricus on weight gain after menopause in ovariectomized and high-fat diet-fed mice.
Anti-obesity effects of artificial planting blueberry (Vaccinium ashei) anthocyanin in high-fat diet-treated mice.
CARD9 knockout ameliorates myocardial dysfunction associated with high fat diet-induced obesity.
Ginger Essential Oil Ameliorates Hepatic Injury and Lipid Accumulation in High Fat Diet-Induced Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Weight Gain Alters Adiponectin Receptor 1 Expression on Adipose Tissue-Resident Helios+ Regulatory T Cells.
Cell Treatment for Stroke in Type Two Diabetic Rats Improves Vascular Permeability Measured by MRI.
Stage-dependent effects of exogenous TRAIL on atherogenesis: role of ER stress-mediated sensitization of macrophage apoptosis.
Overexpression of β-Klotho in Adipose Tissue Sensitizes Male Mice to Endogenous FGF21 and Provides Protection From Diet-Induced Obesity.
Increased Gs Signaling in Osteoblasts Reduces Bone Marrow and Whole-Body Adiposity in Male Mice.
Allomyrina Dichotoma Larvae Regulate Food Intake and Body Weight in High Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice Through mTOR and Mapk Signaling Pathways.
Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Attenuate Diet Induced Obesity and Insulin Resistance, Modulating Mitochondrial Respiratory Uncoupling in Rat Skeletal Muscle.
Characterization of Liver Monocytic Myeloid-Derived Suppressor Cells and Their Role in a Murine Model of Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Grape pomace and grape pomace extract improve insulin signaling in high-fat-fructose fed rat-induced metabolic syndrome.
White adipose tissue urea cycle activity is not affected by one-month treatment with a hyperlipidic diet in female rats.
Severe Hypertriglyceridemia in Glut1D on Ketogenic Diet.
tRNA fragments: novel players in intergenerational inheritance.
Regulation of the clock gene expression in human adipose tissue by weight loss.
Mst1 regulates hepatic lipid metabolism by inhibiting Sirt1 ubiquitination in mice.
Xanthine oxidoreductase activation is implicated in the onset of metabolic arthritis.
Factors associated with BMI, underweight, overweight, and obesity among adults in a population of rural south India: a cross-sectional study.
Effect of High Intensity Interval and Continuous Swimming Training on Body Mass Adiposity Level and Serum Parameters in High-Fat Diet Fed Rats.
Effects of steroid treatment on growth, nutrient partitioning, and expression of genes related to growth and nutrient metabolism in adult triploid rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss).
Exercise mitigates mitochondrial permeability transition pore and quality control mechanisms alterations in nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
Effect of Prebiotic Galacto-Oligosaccharides on Serum Lipid Profile of Hypercholesterolemics.
Influence of endogenous glucagon-like peptide-2 on lipid disorders in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Healthy Lifestyle Characteristics and Their Joint Association With Cardiovascular Disease Biomarkers in US Adults.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and hepatocellular carcinoma.
β-aminoisobutyric acid attenuates hepatic endoplasmic reticulum stress and glucose/lipid metabolic disturbance in mice with type 2 diabetes.
Hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia blunts the Insulin-Inpp5f negative feedback loop in the diabetic heart.
Anti-Obesity Effects of Aster spathulifolius Extract in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Rats.
Effect of Weight Loss with or without Exercise on Inflammatory Markers and Adipokines in Postmenopausal Women: The SHAPE-2 Trial, A Randomized Controlled Trial.
KBP-088, a novel DACRA with prolonged receptor activation, is superior to davalintide in terms of efficacy on body weight.
Trends in Metabolic Syndrome Severity and Lifestyle Factors Among Adolescents.
Hepatocyte TRAF3 promotes insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes in mice with obesity.
Mediobasal hypothalamic overexpression of DEPTOR protects against high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Classification of different degrees of adiposity in sedentary rats.
Excitatory transmission onto AgRP neurons is regulated by cJun NH2-terminal kinase 3 in response to metabolic stress.
Effects of Obesity on Perivascular Adipose Tissue Vasorelaxant Function: Nitric Oxide, Inflammation and Elevated Systemic Blood Pressure.
Essential Role of IGFIR in the Onset of Male Brown Fat Thermogenic Function: Regulation of Glucose Homeostasis by Differential Organ-Specific Insulin Sensitivity.
ERICA: intake of macro and micronutrients of Brazilian adolescents.
Distinct breakfast patterns on satiety perception in individuals with weight excess.
Inheritance of Cytosine Methylation.
CD226 reduces endothelial cell glucose uptake under hyperglycemic conditions with inflammation in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Phosphorylation of Nonmuscle Myosin Light Chain Promotes Endothelial Injury in Hyperlipidemic Rats Through a Mechanism Involving Downregulation of Dimethylarginine Dimethylaminohydrolase 2.
Prunus mume leaf extract lowers blood glucose level in diabetic mice.
Reduction of Intracellular Chloride Concentration Promotes Foam Cell Formation.
Increased Aβ pathology in aged Tg2576 mice born to mothers fed a high fat diet.
Popular edible seaweed, Gelidium amansii prevents against diet-induced obesity.
Resveratrol ameliorates fibrosis and inflammation in a mouse model of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
Near Infrared Fluorescence (NIRF) Molecular Imaging of Oxidized LDL with an Autoantibody in Experimental Atherosclerosis.
Prevention of Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes with Aged Citrus Peel (Chenpi) Extract.
Effect of Hypercholesterolemia on Fatty Infiltration and Quality of Tendon-to-Bone Healing in a Rabbit Model of a Chronic Rotator Cuff Tear: Electrophysiological, Biomechanical, and Histological Analyses.
Consumption of dairy foods and diabetes incidence: a dose-response meta-analysis of observational studies.
Dairy consumption in association with weight change and risk of becoming overweight or obese in middle-aged and older women: a prospective cohort study.
Beneficial effects of a red wine polyphenol extract on high-fat diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rats.
White Pitaya (Hylocereus undatus) Juice Attenuates Insulin Resistance and Hepatic Steatosis in Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
The effects of a 2-year individualized and family-based lifestyle intervention on physical activity, sedentary behavior and diet in children.
Physiological roles for butyrylcholinesterase: A BChE-ghrelin axis.
Effects of liraglutide in hypothalamic arcuate nucleus of obese mice.
Diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance are associated with brown fat degeneration in SIRT1-deficient mice.
Rhododendron groenlandicum (Labrador tea), an antidiabetic plant from the traditional pharmacopoeia of the Canadian Eastern James Bay Cree, improves renal integrity in the diet-induced obese mouse model.
An extract of Urtica dioica L. mitigates obesity induced insulin resistance in mice skeletal muscle via protein phosphatase 2A (PP2A).
Unexpected partial correction of metabolic and behavioral phenotypes of Alzheimer's APP/PSEN1 mice by gene targeting of diabetes/Alzheimer's-related Sorcs1.
Correlations of Fecal Metabonomic and Microbiomic Changes Induced by High-fat Diet in the Pre-Obesity State.
High-fructose and high-fat diet-induced disorders in rats: impact on diabetes risk, hepatic and vascular complications.
Quantitative estimates of dietary intake with special emphasis on snacking pattern and nutritional status of free living adults in urban slums of Delhi: impact of nutrition transition.
Gluconeogenesis during endurance exercise in cyclists habituated to a long-term low carbohydrate high-fat diet.
High-Fat and Low-Carbohydrate Diets Are Associated with Allergic Rhinitis But Not Asthma or Atopic Dermatitis in Children.
Effect of total flavone of haw leaves on nuclear factor erythroid-2 related factor and other related factors in nonalcoholic steatohepatitis rats.
Bardoxolone Methyl Prevents High-Fat Diet-Induced Colon Inflammation in Mice.
d-Allulose supplementation normalized the body weight and fat-pad mass in diet-induced obese mice via the regulation of lipid metabolism under isocaloric fed condition.
Comparison of sympathetic nerve activity normalization procedures in conscious rabbits.
Adipose tissue deficiency results in severe hyperlipidemia and atherosclerosis in the low-density lipoprotein receptor knockout mice.
Influence of treadmill training on bone structure under osteometabolic alteration in rats subjected to high-fat diet.
Constitutive adipocyte mTORC1 activation enhances mitochondrial activity and reduces visceral adiposity in mice.
High dietary fat-induced obesity in Wistar rats and type 2 diabetes in nonobese Goto-Kakizaki rats differentially affect retinol binding protein 4 expression and vitamin A metabolism.
Nutritional and exercise interventions variably affect estrogen receptor expression in the adipose tissue of male rats.
Hypothalamic leptin action is mediated by histone deacetylase 5.
Dietary Patterns Are Associated with Risk of Diabetes Type 2: A Population-Based Case-Control Study.
Modulation of Gut Microbiota by Berberine Improves Steatohepatitis in High-Fat Diet-Fed BALB/C Mice.
Lifelong benefits on myocardial infarction mortality: 40-year follow-up of the randomized Oslo diet and antismoking study.
GLP-1 receptor agonist promotes brown remodelling in mouse white adipose tissue through SIRT1.
The combination of maternal and offspring high-fat diets causes marked oxidative stress and development of metabolic syndrome in mouse offspring.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) potentiates autoimmune hepatitis in the CYP2D6 mouse model.
Alcoholic vs non-alcoholic fatty liver in rats: distinct differences in endocytosis and vesicle trafficking despite similar pathology.
Dietary sugar intake increases liver tumor incidence in female mice.
Effects of phenolic-rich extracts of Clinacanthus nutans on high fat and high cholesterol diet-induced insulin resistance.
A high fat diet induces sex-specific differences in hepatic lipid metabolism and nitrite/nitrate in rats.
Expression of epigenetic machinery genes is sensitive to maternal obesity and weight loss in relation to fetal growth in mice.
Anti-obesity effect of milk fermented by Lactobacillus plantarum NCDC 625 alone and in combination with herbs on high fat diet fed C57BL/6J mice.
The somatotropic axis and aging: Benefits of endocrine defects.
Corosolic acid inhibits adipose tissue inflammation and ameliorates insulin resistance via AMPK activation in high-fat fed mice.
Obesity impairs lactation performance in mice by inducing prolactin resistance.
Solanum nigrum Protects against Hepatic Fibrosis via Suppression of Hyperglycemia in High-Fat/Ethanol Diet-Induced Rats.
A high-fat diet decreases GABA concentration in the frontal cortex and hippocampus of rats.
The Role of Aldosterone in Obesity-Related Hypertension.
Increased susceptibility to metabolic dysregulation in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease is associated with impaired hypothalamic insulin signaling and elevated BCAA levels.
Effect of Early Overfeeding on Palatable Food Preference and Brain Dopaminergic Reward System at Adulthood: Role of Calcium Supplementation.
Sheffield Hallam Staff Wellness service: Four-year follow-up of the impact on health indicators.
High-fat diet increases O-GlcNAc levels in cerebral arteries: a link to vascular dysfunction associated with hyperlipidaemia/obesity?
Budding adult hypertensives with modifiable risk factors: 'Catch them young'.
The Significance of Ras Activity in Pancreatic Cancer Initiation.
Induction of Posttranslational Modifications of Mitochondrial Proteins by ATP Contributes to Negative Regulation of Mitochondrial Function.
Blocking Nuclear Factor-Kappa B Protects against Diet-Induced Hepatic Steatosis and Insulin Resistance in Mice.
[Effects and HPA Axis Related Mechanism of Kaixin-San and Danggui-Shaoyao-San on Glucose and Lipid Metabolism in Chronic Stress Rats with High-fat Diet].
Voluntary exercise improves hypothalamic and metabolic function in obese mice.
Dietary patterns of obese and normal-weight women of reproductive age in urban slum areas in Central Jakarta.
A randomized trial of high-dairy-protein, variable-carbohydrate diets and exercise on body composition in adults with obesity.
Anti-obesity activities of the yoshinone A and the related marine γ-pyrone compounds.
Genetic and pharmacological inhibition of vanin-1 activity in animal models of type 2 diabetes.
Importance of adipocyte cyclooxygenase-2 and prostaglandin E2-prostaglandin E receptor 3 signaling in the development of obesity-induced adipose tissue inflammation and insulin resistance.
Short chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency and short-term high-fat diet perturb mitochondrial energy metabolism and transcriptional control of lipid-handling in liver.
CtBP1 associates metabolic syndrome and breast carcinogenesis targeting multiple miRNAs.
Assessing use of a printed lifestyle intervention tool by women with borderline gestational diabetes and their achievement of diet and exercise goals: a descriptive study.
Trends in food consumption and nutrient intake in Germany between 2006 and 2012: results of the German National Nutrition Monitoring (NEMONIT).
Aqueous Terminalia arjuna extract modulates expression of key atherosclerosis-related proteins in a hypercholesterolemic rabbit: A proteomic-based study.
Stem cells: Dietary fat promotes intestinal dysregulation.
High-fat diet enhances stemness and tumorigenicity of intestinal progenitors.
Berberine Ameliorates Hepatic Steatosis and Suppresses Liver and Adipose Tissue Inflammation in Mice with Diet-induced Obesity.
MicroRNA-16 suppresses the activation of inflammatory macrophages in atherosclerosis by targeting PDCD4.
Instant rice made from white and pigmented giant embryonic rice reduces lipid levels and body weight in high fat diet-fed mice.
Preparation methods prior to PET/CT scanning that decrease uptake of 18F-FDG by myocardium, brown adipose tissue, and skeletal muscle.
Antigen Presentation and T-Cell Activation Are Critical for RBP4-Induced Insulin Resistance.
Dietary saturated fatty acid and polyunsaturated fatty acid oppositely affect hepatic NOD-like receptor protein 3 inflammasome through regulating nuclear factor-kappa B activation.
Weight restoration on a high carbohydrate refeeding diet promotes rapid weight regain and hepatic lipid accumulation in female anorexic rats.
Coconut water alters maternal high fat diet induced changes in hormones and pup morphometry of Wistar rats.
Sichuan Snub-Nosed Monkeys (Rhinopithecus roxellana) Consume Cicadas in the Qinling Mountains, China.
Pharmacological Inhibition of Monoacylglycerol O-Acyltransferase 2 Improves Hyperlipidemia, Obesity, and Diabetes by Change in Intestinal Fat Utilization.
Apple-Derived Pectin Modulates Gut Microbiota, Improves Gut Barrier Function, and Attenuates Metabolic Endotoxemia in Rats with Diet-Induced Obesity.
A Pre and Post Survey to Determine Effectiveness of a Dietitian-Based Nutrition Education Strategy on Fruit and Vegetable Intake and Energy Intake among Adults.
Different Th17 immunity in gut, liver, and adipose tissues during obesity: the role of diet, genetics, and microbes.
Blockade of Orai1 Store-Operated Calcium Entry Protects against Renal Fibrosis.
Parkinsonia aculeata (Caesalpineaceae) improves high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance in mice through the enhancement of insulin signaling and mitochondrial biogenesis.
Metformin improves hepatic IRS2/PI3K/Akt signaling in insulin-resistant rats of NASH and cirrhosis.
Feces Derived Allergens of Tyrophagus putrescentiae Reared on Dried Dog Food and Evidence of the Strong Nutritional Interaction between the Mite and Bacillus cereus Producing Protease Bacillolysins and Exo-chitinases.
Memory Systems and the Addicted Brain.
Dairy Consumption and Risk of Stroke: A Case-control Study.
Hypercholesterolemia with consumption of PFOA-laced Western diets is dependent on strain and sex of mice.
Advanced Glycation End Products Induce Obesity and Hepatosteatosis in CD-1 Wild-Type Mice.
TEMPOL increases NAD(+) and improves redox imbalance in obese mice.
Effects of sleep disruption and high fat intake on glucose metabolism in mice.
Blockade of Sphingosine 1-Phosphate Receptor 2 Signaling Attenuates High-Fat Diet-Induced Adipocyte Hypertrophy and Systemic Glucose Intolerance in Mice.
Mast cell stabilizers obviate high fat diet-induced renal dysfunction in rats.
Valproic acid reduces insulin-resistance, fat deposition and FOXO1-mediated gluconeogenesis in type-2 diabetic rat.
Body mass but not vitamin D status is associated with bone mineral content and density in young school children in northern Sweden.
Metformin administration induces hepatotoxic effects in paraoxonase-1-deficient mice.
Maternal oral administration of osteocalcin protects offspring from metabolic impairment in adulthood.
Males are from Mars, and females are from Venus: sex-specific fetal brain gene expression signatures in a mouse model of maternal diet-induced obesity.
Effect of Obesity on Prone Percutaneous Nephrolithotomy Outcomes: A Systemic Review.
Effects of low-fat milk consumption on metabolic and atherogenic biomarkers in Korean adults with the metabolic syndrome: a randomised controlled trial.
Cystathionine γ lyase-hydrogen sulfide increases peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ activity by sulfhydration at C139 site thereby promoting glucose uptake and lipid storage in adipocytes.
Chronic subordination stress selectively downregulates the insulin signaling pathway in liver and skeletal muscle but not in adipose tissue of male mice.
The P72R Polymorphism of p53 Predisposes to Obesity and Metabolic Dysfunction.
Central Insulin Action Activates Kupffer Cells by Suppressing Hepatic Vagal Activation via the Nicotinic Alpha 7 Acetylcholine Receptor.
Sialic Acid-Binding Immunoglobulin-like Lectin G Promotes Atherosclerosis and Liver Inflammation by Suppressing the Protective Functions of B-1 Cells.
Fibroblast Growth Factor 21 Mediates Glycemic Regulation by Hepatic JNK.
Mechanisms of echinochrome potency in modulating diabetic complications in liver.
Early life adversities or high fat diet intake reduce cognitive function and alter BDNF signaling in adult rats: Interplay of these factors changes these effects.
Salidroside-regulated lipid metabolism with down-regulation of miR-370 in type 2 diabetic mice.
Resveratrol protects against diet-induced atherosclerosis by reducing low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and inhibiting inflammation in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice.
Effect of Hypericum perforatum Aqueous Extracts on Serum Lipids, Aminotransferases, and Lipid Peroxidation in Hyperlipidemic Rats.
An Increase in the Omega-6/Omega-3 Fatty Acid Ratio Increases the Risk for Obesity.
Pravastatin and Sarpogrelate Synergistically Ameliorate Atherosclerosis in LDLr-Knockout Mice.
Deletion of the Toll-Like Receptor 5 Gene Per Se Does Not Determine the Gut Microbiome Profile That Induces Metabolic Syndrome: Environment Trumps Genotype.
Transgenic mice overexpressing nesfatin/nucleobindin-2 are susceptible to high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Beneficial effects of urine-derived stem cells on fibrosis and apoptosis of myocardial, glomerular and bladder cells.
miR-155 Deletion in Female Mice Prevents Diet-Induced Obesity.
VAMP7 Regulates Autophagy to Maintain Mitochondrial Homeostasis and to Control Insulin Secretion in Pancreatic β-Cells.
Effect of Bacillus subtilis Natto on Meat Quality and Skatole Content in TOPIGS Pigs.
Influence of Quaternary Benzophenantridine and Protopine Alkaloids on Growth Performance, Dietary Energy, Carcass Traits, Visceral Mass, and Rumen Health in Finishing Ewes under Conditions of Severe Temperature-humidity Index.
The Effect of Diet and Exercise on Intestinal Integrity and Microbial Diversity in Mice.
Deletion of β-Arrestin2 in mice limited pancreatic beta-cell expansion under metabolic stress through activation of JNK pathway.
Antihyperlipidemic activity of adenosine triphosphate in rabbits fed a high-fat diet and hyperlipidemic patients.
Antiobesity effect of Pediococcus pentosaceus LP28 on overweight subjects: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
Skeletal inflammation and attenuation of Wnt signaling, Wnt ligand expression, and bone formation in atherosclerotic ApoE-null mice.
Lack of cortistatin or somatostatin differentially influences DMBA-induced mammary gland tumorigenesis in mice in an obesity-dependent mode.
Impaired function of the intestinal barrier in a novel sub-health rat model.
Forkhead box A3 mediates glucocorticoid receptor function in adipose tissue.
Profiling analysis of amino acids from hyperlipidaemic rats treated with Gynostemma pentaphyllum and atorvastatin.
Inulin and Fibersol-2 Combined Have Hypolipidemic Effects on High Cholesterol Diet-Induced Hyperlipidemia in Hamsters.
Role of the vagus nerve in the development and treatment of diet-induced obesity.
Western diet enhances benzo(a)pyrene-induced colon tumorigenesis in a polyposis in rat coli (PIRC) rat model of colon cancer.
Everolimus exhibits anti-tumorigenic activity in obesity-induced ovarian cancer.
Dietary macronutrient distribution influences postexercise substrate utilization in women: a cross-sectional evaluation of metabolic flexibility.
Day to day variability in fat oxidation and the effect after only 1 day of change in diet composition.
FNDC5 is produced in the stomach and associated to body composition.
Combination with Red ginseng and Polygoni Multiflori ameliorates highfructose diet induced metabolic syndrome.
Differential effect of Se on insulin resistance: regulation of adipogenesis and lipolysis.
Castration influences intestinal microflora and induces abdominal obesity in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Decreased hepatic phosphorylated p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase contributes to attenuation of thioacetamide-induced hepatic necrosis in diet-induced obese mice.
Maternal High-Fat Diet-Induced Loss of Fetal Oocytes Is Associated with Compromised Follicle Growth in Adult Rat Offspring.
Folic Acid Supplementation of Female Mice, with or without Vitamin B-12, before and during Pregnancy and Lactation Programs Adiposity and Vascular Health in Adult Male Offspring.
Intake of Total Polyphenols and Some Classes of Polyphenols Is Inversely Associated with Diabetes in Elderly People at High Cardiovascular Disease Risk.
Free Sugars and Total Fat Are Important Characteristics of a Dietary Pattern Associated with Adiposity across Childhood and Adolescence.
Primary Intestinal Lymphangiectasia Manifested as Unusual Edemas and Effusions: A Case Report.
Factors that Affect Pancreatic Islet Cell Autophagy in Adult Rats: Evaluation of a Calorie-Restricted Diet and a High-Fat Diet.
Study of cholesterol and vitamin E levels in broiler meat from different feeding regimens by TOF-SIMS.
Thermosensing mechanisms and their impairment by high-fat diet in orexin neurons.
The influence of a high-fat meal on fat taste thresholds.
The effect of sleeve gastrectomy on extraesophageal reflux disease.
Adiponectin improves NF-κB-mediated inflammation and abates atherosclerosis progression in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice.
Nutritional quality of diet and academic performance in Chilean students.
Exercise Improves Glucose Disposal and Insulin Signaling in Pregnant Mice Fed a High Fat Diet.
En Face Detection of Nitric Oxide and Superoxide in Endothelial Layer of Intact Arteries.
Effects of Metabolic Programming on Juvenile Play Behavior and Gene Expression in the Prefrontal Cortex of Rats.
Enhanced ethanol catabolism in orphan nuclear receptor SHP-null mice.
Beneficial effects of cocoa, coffee, green tea, and garcinia complex supplement on diet induced obesity in rats.
Exercise prevents high-fat diet-induced impairment of flexible memory expression in the water maze and modulates adult hippocampal neurogenesis in mice.
(-)-Epicatechin improves insulin sensitivity in high fat diet-fed mice.
Cooperative action of bioactive components in milk fat with PPARs may explain its anti-diabetogenic properties.
Dietary Profiles of First-Generation South Asian Indian Adolescents in the United States.
Oral administration of SR-110, a peroxynitrite decomposing catalyst, enhances glucose homeostasis, insulin signaling, and islet architecture in B6D2F1 mice fed a high fat diet.
The diet-microbiota-metabolite axis regulates the host physiology.
Demethyleneberberine attenuates non-alcoholic fatty liver disease with activation of AMPK and inhibition of oxidative stress.
Maternal high-fat diet leads to persistent synaptic instability in mouse offspring via oxidative stress during lactation.
Intrahippocampal administration of a domain antibody that binds aggregated amyloid-β reverses cognitive deficits produced by diet-induced obesity.
Short-term exposure to a diet high in fat and sugar, or liquid sugar, selectively impairs hippocampal-dependent memory, with differential impacts on inflammation.
Glycolytic-to-oxidative fiber-type switch and mTOR signaling activation are early-onset features of SBMA muscle modified by high-fat diet.
Effects of prepartum diets supplemented with rolled oilseeds on calf birth weight, postpartum health, feed intake, milk yield, and reproductive performance of dairy cows.
Glucose-Dependent Insulinotropic Peptide Stimulates Glucagon-Like Peptide 1 Production by Pancreatic Islets via Interleukin 6, Produced by α Cells.
CMKLR1 deficiency influences glucose tolerance and thermogenesis in mice on high fat diet.
The importance of taste on dietary choice, behaviour and intake in a group of young adults.
Effect of levocarnitine on TIMP-1, ICAM-1 expression of rats with coronary heart disease and its myocardial protection effect.
Effect of miR-467b on atherosclerosis of rats.
Rutaecarpine ameliorates hyperlipidemia and hyperglycemia in fat-fed, streptozotocin-treated rats via regulating the IRS-1/PI3K/Akt and AMPK/ACC2 signaling pathways.
Neandertals' large lower thorax may represent adaptation to high protein diet.
Effect of artesunate supplementation on bacterial translocation and dysbiosis of gut microbiota in rats with liver cirrhosis.
Muscle-Specific Myosin Heavy Chain Shifts in Response to a Long-Term High Fat/High Sugar Diet and Resveratrol Treatment in Nonhuman Primates.
Heat-treated high-fat diet modifies gut microbiota and metabolic markers in apoe-/- mice.
A Testa Extract of Black Soybean (Glycine max (L.) Merr.) suppresses Adipogenic Activity of Adipose-derived Stem Cells.
Epigenetic germline inheritance of diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance.
Lack of IκBNS accelerates atherosclerosis in LDL receptor-deficient mice via increased interleukin-6 production.
N-acetylcysteine decreases binge eating in a rodent model.
Reprogramming of hepatic fat accumulation and 'browning' of adipose tissue by the short-chain fatty acid acetate.
Central administration of vaspin inhibits glucose production and augments hepatic insulin signaling in high-fat-diet-fed rat.
Loss of circadian rhythm of circulating insulin concentration induced by high-fat diet intake is associated with disrupted rhythmic expression of circadian clock genes in the liver.
DMC (2',4'-dihydroxy-6'-methoxy-3',5'-dimethylchalcone) improves glucose tolerance as a potent AMPK activator.
Isoliquiritigenin Attenuates Adipose Tissue Inflammation in vitro and Adipose Tissue Fibrosis through Inhibition of Innate Immune Responses in Mice.
Chronic Angiotensin-(1-7) Improves Insulin Sensitivity in High-Fat Fed Mice Independent of Blood Pressure.
Hepatic oleate regulates liver stress response partially through PGC-1α during high-carbohydrate feeding.
Morin attenuates hepatic insulin resistance in high-fat-diet-induced obese mice.
Endothelin receptor antagonist macitentan or deletion of mouse mast cell protease 4 delays lesion development in atherosclerotic mice.
Effect of dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) on Akt and protein kinase C zeta (PKCζ) phosphorylation in different tissues of C57BL6, insulin receptor substrate (IRS)1(-/-), and IRS2(-/-) male mice fed a high-fat diet.
Xanthohumol improves dysfunctional glucose and lipid metabolism in diet-induced obese C57BL/6J mice.
High-fat diet reprograms the epigenome of rat spermatozoa and transgenerationally affects metabolism of the offspring.
Ipragliflozin Improves Hepatic Steatosis in Obese Mice and Liver Dysfunction in Type 2 Diabetic Patients Irrespective of Body Weight Reduction.
Postnatal High-Fat Diet Increases Liver Steatosis and Apoptosis Threatened by Prenatal Dexamethasone through the Oxidative Effect.
Anti-Diabetic Activities of Gastrodia elata Blume Water Extracts Are Mediated Mainly by Potentiating Glucose-Stimulated Insulin Secretion and Increasing β-Cell Mass in Non-Obese Type 2 Diabetic Animals.
Is increased antidepressant exposure a contributory factor to the obesity pandemic?
Prenatal fat-rich diet exposure alters responses of embryonic neurons to the chemokine, CCL2, in the hypothalamus.
Differential effects of a short-term high-fat diet in an animal model of depression in rats treated with the 5-HT3 receptor antagonist, ondansetron, the 5-HT3 receptor agonist, 2-methyl-5-HT, and the SSRI, fluoxetine.
Diet-induced obesity and prenatal undernutrition lead to differential neuroendocrine gene expression in the hypothalamic arcuate nuclei.
Maternal obesity alters endoplasmic reticulum homeostasis in offspring pancreas.
Hoxa5 undergoes dynamic DNA methylation and transcriptional repression in the adipose tissue of mice exposed to high-fat diet.
Instigation of NLRP3 inflammasome activation and glomerular injury in mice on the high fat diet: role of acid sphingomyelinase gene.
Cerebrolysin improves sciatic nerve dysfunction in a mouse model of diabetic peripheral neuropathy.
Transcriptome profiling of Musculus longissimus dorsi in two cattle breeds with different intramuscular fat deposition.
[THE INFLUENCE OF LONG-TERM THYROXINE TREATMENT ON THE ACTIVITY OF NO-SYNTHASES IN TISSUES OF RATS WITH OBESITY INDUCED BY HIGH-FAT DIET].
Efficacy of phytosterols and fish-oil supplemented high-oleic-sunflower oil rich diets in hypercholesterolemic growing rats.
[Role and mechanism of action of fibroblast growth factor-21 in reducing triglyceride in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease].
Exposure to a diet high in fat attenuates dendritic spine density in the medial prefrontal cortex.
Kcne2 deletion causes early-onset nonalcoholic fatty liver disease via iron deficiency anemia.
Metabolite Regulation of Nuclear Localization of Carbohydrate-response Element-binding Protein (ChREBP): ROLE OF AMP AS AN ALLOSTERIC INHIBITOR.
Eating in mice with gastric bypass surgery causes exaggerated activation of brainstem anorexia circuit.
Deletion of GPR40 fatty acid receptor gene in mice blocks mercaptoacetate-induced feeding.
Prenatal, but not early postnatal, exposure to a Western diet improves spatial memory of pigs later in life and is paired with changes in maternal prepartum blood lipid levels.
High-Fat Diet-Induced Obesity Ablates Gastric Vagal Afferent Circadian Rhythms.
TAK1 determines susceptibility to endoplasmic reticulum stress and leptin resistance in the hypothalamus.
Therapeutic effect of Pleurotus eryngii cellulose on experimental fatty liver in rats.
Adipose tissue-derived stem cells promote the reversion of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: An in vivo study.
Sexual dimorphism in activation of placental autophagy in obese women with evidence for fetal programming from a placenta-specific mouse model.
Cichorium intybus Linn. Extract Prevents Type 2 Diabetes Through Inhibition of NLRP3 Inflammasome Activation.
Raphanus sativus cv. Sango Sprout Juice Decreases Diet-Induced Obesity in Sprague Dawley Rats and Ameliorates Related Disorders.
Effects of beta-glucans ingestion (Saccharomyces cerevisiae) on metabolism of rats receiving high-fat diet.
AHNAK deficiency promotes browning and lipolysis in mice via increased responsiveness to β-adrenergic signalling.
Chungtaejeon, a Korean fermented tea, prevents the risk of atherosclerosis in rats fed a high-fat atherogenic diet.
Protection of tauroursodeoxycholic acid on high glucose-induced human retinal microvascular endothelial cells dysfunction and streptozotocin-induced diabetic retinopathy rats.
CalDAG-GEFI Deficiency Reduces Atherosclerotic Lesion Development in Mice.
A High-Fat Diet Promotes Intestinal Stemness and Tumorigenesis.
[Effects of selenium supplement on atherogenesis of ApoE-knockout mice fed high fat diet].
Identification of a selective glucocorticoid receptor modulator that prevents both diet-induced obesity and inflammation.
High-fat high-sucrose diet leads to dynamic structural and inflammatory alterations in the rat vastus lateralis muscle.
PPARγ neddylation essential for adipogenesis is a potential target for treating obesity.
Long-lived hypopituitary Ames dwarf mice are resistant to the detrimental effects of high-fat diet on metabolic function and energy expenditure.
Neuroprotective Effects of Endurance Exercise Against High-Fat Diet-Induced Hippocampal Neuroinflammation.
Gluten-free diet increases beta-cell volume and improves glucose tolerance in an animal model of type 2 diabetes.
Targeting IκB kinase β in Adipocyte Lineage Cells for Treatment of Obesity and Metabolic Dysfunctions.
Angiotensin-(1-7) improves non-alcoholic steatohepatitis through an adiponectin-independent mechanism.
Maternal obesity induced by a 'cafeteria' diet in the rat does not increase inflammation in maternal, placental or fetal tissues in late gestation.
IKKβ Is Essential for Adipocyte Survival and Adaptive Adipose Remodeling in Obesity.
Evaluation of a low-carbohydrate diet-based preparation protocol without fasting for cardiac PET/MR imaging.
(-)-Epicatechin-induced recovery of mitochondria from simulated diabetes: Potential role of endothelial nitric oxide synthase.
Non-pharmacological medical treatment in pediatric epilepsies.
O-GlcNAcase deficiency suppresses skeletal myogenesis and insulin sensitivity in mice through the modulation of mitochondrial homeostasis.
Osteocalcin improves nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in mice through activation of Nrf2 and inhibition of JNK.
Prolyl hydroxylase 3 overexpression accelerates the progression of atherosclerosis in ApoE-/- mice.
Chromium propionate supplementation during the peripartum period interacts with starch source fed postpartum: Production responses during the immediate postpartum and carryover periods.
Effects of a block in cysteine catabolism on energy balance and fat metabolism in mice.
MicroRNA 152 regulates hepatic glycogenesis by targeting PTEN.
Improvement of cardiac dysfunction by bilateral surgical renal denervation in animals with diabetes induced by high fructose and high fat diet.
α/β-Hydrolase Domain 6 Deletion Induces Adipose Browning and Prevents Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes.
Rapid Elevation in CMPF May Act As a Tipping Point in Diabetes Development.
Successful management of chylous ascites: A report of two cases.
Immunomodulatory roles of CTRP3 in endotoxemia and metabolic stress.
Effect of pioglitazone on the abrogated cardioprotective effect of ischemic preconditioning in hyperlipidemic rat heart.
Mitochondrial Molecular Pathophysiology of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Proteomics Approach.
A diet high in fat and sugar reverses anxiety-like behaviour induced by limited nesting in male rats: Impacts on hippocampal markers.
Effect of DanQi Pill on PPARα, lipid disorders and arachidonic acid pathway in rat model of coronary heart disease.
The role of astrocytes in the hypothalamic response and adaptation to metabolic signals.
Acute exercise restores insulin clearance in diet-induced obese mice.
Testosterone deprivation accelerates cardiac dysfunction in obese male rats.
SIRT3 Deficiency Induces Endothelial Insulin Resistance and Blunts Endothelial-Dependent Vasorelaxation in Mice and Human with Obesity.
A high-fat diet combined with food deprivation increases food seeking and the expression of candidate biomarkers of addiction.
Differing effects of high-fat or high-carbohydrate meals on food hedonics in overweight and obese individuals.
A high-fat diet increases body weight and circulating estradiol concentrations but does not improve bone structural properties in ovariectomized mice.
Lactobacillus sakei OK67 ameliorates high-fat diet-induced blood glucose intolerance and obesity in mice by inhibiting gut microbiota lipopolysaccharide production and inducing colon tight junction protein expression.
Long-term ketogenic diet contributes to glycemic control but promotes lipid accumulation and hepatic steatosis in type 2 diabetic mice.
Opuntia ficus-indica seed attenuates hepatic steatosis and promotes M2 macrophage polarization in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Physiological handling of dietary fructose-containing sugars: implications for health.
Effect of Octreotide on Hepatic Steatosis in Diet-Induced Obesity in Rats.
Prenatal fat exposure and hypothalamic PPAR β/δ: Possible relationship to increased neurogenesis of orexigenic peptide neurons.
Changes in Plasma Lipid Levels and Antioxidant Activities in Rats after Supplementation of Obtusifolin.
Taurocholic acid metabolism by gut microbes and colon cancer.
A mechanism for inherited metabolic disorders.
Research Resource: Roles for Calcium/Calmodulin-Dependent Protein Kinase Kinase 2 (CaMKK2) in Systems Metabolism.
Exercise Training Reverses Structural Microvascular Rarefaction and Improves Endothelium-Dependent Microvascular Reactivity in Rats with Diabetes.
A decrease in hepatic microRNA-9 expression impairs gluconeogenesis by targeting FOXO1 in obese mice.
Cinnamomum camphora Seed Kernel Oil Ameliorates Oxidative Stress and Inflammation in Diet-Induced Obese Rats.
Increased Serum Level of Cyclopropaneoctanoic Acid 2-Hexyl in Patients with Hypertriglyceridemia-Related Disorders.
Alterations to mTORC1 signaling in the skeletal muscle differentially affect whole-body metabolism.
Positive Effects of Diphlorethohydroxycarmalol (DPHC) on the Stability of the Integument Structure in Diet-Induced Obese Female Mice.
Effect of GLP-1 Receptor Activation on Offspring Kidney Health in a Rat Model of Maternal Obesity.
Nutrient Intake in Vietnamese Preschool and School-Aged Children is Not Adequate: The Role of Dairy.
Apelin-13 administration protects against ischaemia/reperfusion-mediated apoptosis through the FoxO1 pathway in high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Combined high-fat-resveratrol diet and RIP140 knockout mice reveal a novel relationship between elevated bone mitochondrial content and compromised bone microarchitecture, bone mineral mass, and bone strength in the tibia.
Effect of dietary phosphorus levels on meat quality and lipid metabolism in broiler chickens.
Stem cells: High-fat diet influences intestinal stem cell biology.
Soy Protein Isolate Protects Against Ethanol-Mediated Tumor Progression in Diethylnitrosamine-Treated Male Mice.
Persistent Chromatin Modifications Induced by High Fat Diet.
Fatty acids from diet and microbiota regulate energy metabolism.
High-Fat Diet-Induced Obesity Enhances Allograft Rejection.
Irisin Is Regulated by CAR in Liver and Is a Mediator of Hepatic Glucose and Lipid Metabolism.
Lipocalin 2, a Regulator of Retinoid Homeostasis and Retinoid-mediated Thermogenic Activation in Adipose Tissue.
Metformin stimulates IGFBP-2 gene expression through PPARalpha in diabetic states.
Long-term effects of very low-carbohydrate and high-carbohydrate weight-loss diets on psychological health in obese adults with type 2 diabetes: randomized controlled trial.
Paraoxonase 1 (PON1) and pomegranate influence circadian gene expression and period length.
Imaging Mass Spectrometry Reveals Acyl-Chain- and Region-Specific Sphingolipid Metabolism in the Kidneys of Sphingomyelin Synthase 2-Deficient Mice.
Macronutrient Distribution and Dietary Sources in the Spanish Population: Findings from the ANIBES Study.
Anti-obesity potential of enzymatic fragments of hyaluronan on high-fat diet-induced obesity in C57BL/6 mice.
Short-term treatment with a 2-carba analog of cyclic phosphatidic acid induces lowering of plasma cholesterol levels in ApoE-deficient mice.
Electronegative LDL is linked to high-fat, high-cholesterol diet-induced nonalcoholic steatohepatitis in hamsters.
Milk sphingomyelin improves lipid metabolism and alters gut microbiota in high fat diet-fed mice.
Hydroxytyrosol prevents metabolic impairment reducing hepatic inflammation and restoring duodenal integrity in a rat model of NAFLD.
Dietary walnut reduces hepatic triglyceride content in high-fat-fed mice via modulation of hepatic fatty acid metabolism and adipose tissue inflammation.
Early intake of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids preserves brain structure and function in diet-induced obesity.
miR-1934, downregulated in obesity, protects against low-grade inflammation in adipocytes.
Brain cortical cholesterol metabolism is highly affected by human APP overexpression in mice.
Liver MicroRNA-291b-3p Promotes Hepatic Lipogenesis through Negative Regulation of Adenosine 5'-Monophosphate (AMP)-activated Protein Kinase α1.
Cucumis melo ssp. Agrestis var. Agrestis Ameliorates High Fat Diet Induced Dyslipidemia in Syrian Golden Hamsters and Inhibits Adipogenesis in 3T3-L1 Adipocytes.
Long-term weight loss maintenance for obesity: a multidisciplinary approach.
Dietary acrylamide exposure in male F344 rats: Dataset of systemic oxidative stress and inflammation markers.
Data on oxygen consumption rate, respiratory exchange ratio, and movement in C57BL/6J female mice on the third day of consuming a high-fat diet.
Targeting of free fatty acid receptor 1 in EOC: A novel strategy to restrict the adipocyte-EOC dependence.
DKK3 expression in hepatocytes defines susceptibility to liver steatosis and obesity.
Insulin sensitizers prevent fine particulate matter-induced vascular insulin resistance and changes in endothelial progenitor cell homeostasis.
Celastrus Orbiculatus Thunb. Reduces Lipid Accumulation by Promoting Reverse Cholesterol Transport in Hyperlipidemic Mice.
Dietary Patterns and the Frequency of Disomy in Human Sperm.
Protective effects of Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG against dyslipidemia in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Inhibition of inflammation and oxidative stress by an imidazopyridine derivative X22 prevents heart injury from obesity.
A High-Fat, High-Fructose Diet Induces Antioxidant Imbalance and Increases the Risk and Progression of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Mice.
Combining ultrasound and lactobacilli treatment for high-fat-diet-induced obesity in mice.
Brain-specific natriuretic peptide receptor-B deletion attenuates high-fat diet-induced visceral and hepatic lipid deposition in mice.
Alcohol produces distinct hepatic lipidome and eicosanoid signature in lean and obese.
Emodin ameliorates high-fat-diet induced insulin resistance in rats by reducing lipid accumulation in skeletal muscle.
Reduced insulin secretion function is associated with pancreatic islet redistribution of cell adhesion molecules (CAMS) in diabetic mice after prolonged high-fat diet.
PTP1B Deficiency Enables the Ability of a High-Fat Diet to Drive the Invasive Character of PTEN-Deficient Prostate Cancers.
Leptin Mediates High-Fat Diet Sensitization of Angiotensin II-Elicited Hypertension by Upregulating the Brain Renin-Angiotensin System and Inflammation.
CCR5+T-bet+FoxP3+ Effector CD4 T Cells Drive Atherosclerosis.
Acetylome study in mouse adipocytes identifies targets of SIRT1 deacetylation in chromatin organization and RNA processing.
Intermittent hypoxia upregulates hepatic heme oxygenase-1 and ferritin-1, thereby limiting hepatic pathogenesis in rats fed a high-fat diet.
High-fat diet-induced obesity stimulates ketone body utilization in osteoclasts of the mouse bone.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress up-regulates Nedd4-2 to induce autophagy.
Germinated Waxy Black Rice Suppresses Weight Gain in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Fructose Containing Sugars at Normal Levels of Consumption Do Not Effect Adversely Components of the Metabolic Syndrome and Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Disease.
Effect of a long-term high-protein diet on survival, obesity development, and gut microbiota in mice.
Fibroblast growth factor-21 restores insulin sensitivity but induces aberrant bone microstructure in obese insulin-resistant rats.
A role of the adaptive immune system in glucose homeostasis.
Periodontal disease and percentage of calories from fat using national data.
Compromised Wound Healing in Ischemic Type 2 Diabetic Rats.
Lipid disorder and intrahepatic renin-angiotensin system activation synergistically contribute to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Core food intakes of Australian children aged 9-10 years: nutrients, daily servings and diet quality in a community cross-sectional sample.
Monocyte chemotactic protein-1 deficiency reduces spontaneous metastasis of Lewis lung carcinoma in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Dietary fat may modulate adipose tissue homeostasis through the processes of autophagy and apoptosis.
High-Fat Diet Causes Subfertility and Compromised Ovarian Function Independent of Obesity in Mice.
Isolation of lactobacillus reuteri from Peyer's patches and their effects on sIgA production and gut microbiota diversity.
High-fat diet exacerbates pain-like behaviors and periarticular bone loss in mice with CFA-induced knee arthritis.
Activity/inactivity circadian rhythm shows high similarities between young obesity-induced rats and old rats.
Obesity-prone high-fat-fed rats reduce caloric intake and adiposity and gain more fat-free mass when allowed to self-select protein from carbohydrate:fat intake.
Local proliferation initiates macrophage accumulation in adipose tissue during obesity.
Pdcd4 restrains the self-renewal and white-to-beige transdifferentiation of adipose-derived stem cells.
Biological Activity and Antidiabetic Potential of C-Terminal Octapeptide Fragments of the Gut-Derived Hormone Xenin.
Tumor necrosis factor receptor-associated factor 5 (Traf5) acts as an essential negative regulator of hepatic steatosis.
High-fat diets rich in saturated fat protect against azoxymethane/dextran sulfate sodium-induced colon cancer.
Periodontal dysbiosis linked to periodontitis is associated with cardiometabolic adaptation to high-fat diet in mice.
p53-upregulated-modulator-of-apoptosis (PUMA) deficiency affects food intake but does not impact on body weight or glucose homeostasis in diet-induced obesity.
Similar degrees of obesity induced by diet or aging cause strikingly different immunologic and metabolic outcomes.
Heterozygous caveolin-3 mice show increased susceptibility to palmitate-induced insulin resistance.
Cafeteria diet-induced obesity causes oxidative damage in white adipose.
The Preventive Effect of Zuogui Wan on Offspring Rats' Impaired Glucose Tolerance Whose Mothers Had Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Studies on the Antidiabetic and Antinephritic Activities of Paecilomyces hepiali Water Extract in Diet-Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Sprague Dawley Rats.
Long-Term Exposure of Pancreatic β-Cells to Palmitate Results in SREBP-1C-Dependent Decreases in GLP-1 Receptor Signaling via CREB and AKT and Insulin Secretory Response.
Overexpression of Peroxiredoxin 4 Affects Intestinal Function in a Dietary Mouse Model of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Distinctly altered gut microbiota in the progression of liver disease.
A Western diet induced NAFLD in LDLR(-/)(-) mice is associated with reduced hepatic glutathione synthesis.
Nociceptin receptor antagonist SB 612111 decreases high fat diet binge eating.
Phospholipid transfer protein deficiency in mice impairs macrophage reverse cholesterol transport in vivo.
Pathological characterization and morphometric analysis of hepatic lesions in SHRSP5/Dmcr, an experimental non-alcoholic steatohepatitis model, induced by high-fat and high-cholesterol diet.
Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass Surgery Suppresses Hepatic Gluconeogenesis and Increases Intestinal Gluconeogenesis in a T2DM Rat Model.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus induces congenital heart defects in murine embryos by increasing oxidative stress, endoplasmic reticulum stress, and apoptosis.
[Alzheimer's disease and diabetes - the common pathogenesis].
Effects of omentectomy in addition to sleeve gastrectomy on the metabolic and inflammatory profiles of obese rats.
[The association between subjective symptoms and lifestyle habits among junior high school students a cross-sectional survey in Kumamoto, Japan].
Altered cellular redox status, sirtuin abundance and clock gene expression in a mouse model of developmentally primed NASH.
Dietary beta-carotene and lutein metabolism is modulated by the APOE genotype.
5-Demethylnobiletin and 5-Acetoxy-6,7,8,3',4'-pentamethoxyflavone Suppress Lipid Accumulation by Activating the LKB1-AMPK Pathway in 3T3-L1 Preadipocytes and High Fat Diet-Fed C57BL/6 Mice.
Weight loss reduces basal-like breast cancer through kinome reprogramming.
Critical evaluation of food intake and energy balance in young modern pentathlon athletes: a cross-sectional study.
Metabolomic Analysis of Biochemical Changes in the Plasma of High-Fat Diet and Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Rats after Treatment with Isoflavones Extract of Radix Puerariae.
Expression profiling analysis: Uncoupling protein 2 deficiency improves hepatic glucose, lipid profiles and insulin sensitivity in high-fat diet-fed mice by modulating expression of genes in peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor signaling pathway.
Pancreatic β-Cell Dysfunction in Diet-Induced Obese Mice: Roles of AMP-Kinase, Protein Kinase Cε, Mitochondrial and Cholesterol Metabolism, and Alterations in Gene Expression.
Different Serum Free Fatty Acid Profiles in NAFLD Subjects and Healthy Controls after Oral Fat Load.
Inactivation of Semicarbazide-Sensitive Amine Oxidase Stabilizes the Established Atherosclerotic Lesions via Inducing the Phenotypic Switch of Smooth Muscle Cells.
Effects of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor in insulin-resistant rats with myocardial infarction.
Inhibition of the Inflammasome NLRP3 by Arglabin Attenuates Inflammation, Protects Pancreatic β-Cells from Apoptosis, and Prevents Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Development in ApoE2Ki Mice on a Chronic High-Fat Diet.
Relation between Lifestyle and Socio-Demographic Factors and Body Composition among the Elderly.
Epigenetic regulation of NKG2D ligands is involved in exacerbated atherosclerosis development in Sirt6 heterozygous mice.
Association between betatrophin/ANGPTL8 and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: animal and human studies.
Effects of a High-Fat or High-Sucrose Diet on Ultraviolet B Irradiation-Induced Carcinogenesis and Tumor Growth in Melanin-Possessing Hairless Mice.
Impact of second line limiting amino acids' deficiency in broilers fed low protein diets with rapeseed meal and de-oiled rice bran.
METABOLIC SYNDROME - THEORY AND PRACTICE.
Relationship of the Chemokine, CXCL12, to Effects of Dietary Fat on Feeding-Related Behaviors and Hypothalamic Neuropeptide Systems.
A survey on the relationship between serum 25-hydroxy vitamin D level and tumor characteristics in patients with breast cancer.
Inhibition of Src homology 2 domain-containing phosphatase 1 increases insulin sensitivity in high-fat diet-induced insulin-resistant mice.
GLP2: an underestimated signal for improving glycaemic control and insulin sensitivity.
High fat diet increases melanoma cell growth in the bone marrow by inducing osteopontin and interleukin 6.
Suppression of connective tissue growth factor mediates the renoprotective effect of Sitagliptin rather than Pioglitazone in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Adipose Natural Killer Cells Regulate Adipose Tissue Macrophages to Promote Insulin Resistance in Obesity.
Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism and metabolic syndrome: insights from the high-fat diet experimental rabbit animal model.
Proline Absorption and SGK1 Expression are Inhibited in Intestinal Tis7 Transgenic Mice.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress and renal lesion in mice with combination of high-fat diet and streptozotocin-induced diabetes.
Protective effect of the n-butanol Toona sinensis seed extract on diabetic nephropathy rat kidneys.
Changes of blood pressure, abdominal visceral fat tissue and gene expressions in fetal programming induced rat model after amlodipine-losartan combination treatment.
Perilla Oil Has Similar Protective Effects of Fish Oil on High-Fat Diet-Induced Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and Gut Dysbiosis.
[Nutrition for diabetic patients].
Diet-induced obesity impairs endometrial stromal cell decidualization: a potential role for impaired autophagy.
An unfortunate challenge: Ketogenic diet for the treatment of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome in tyrosinemia type 1.
Consumption of Quercetin and Quercetin-Containing Apple and Cherry Extracts Affects Blood Glucose Concentration, Hepatic Metabolism, and Gene Expression Patterns in Obese C57BL/6J High Fat-Fed Mice.
Nondigestible Fructans Alter Gastrointestinal Barrier Function, Gene Expression, Histomorphology, and the Microbiota Profiles of Diet-Induced Obese C57BL/6J Mice.
HDL functionality in South Asians as compared to white Caucasians.
Leptin Receptor Promotes Adipogenesis and Reduces Osteogenesis by Regulating Mesenchymal Stromal Cells in Adult Bone Marrow.
Maternal Obesity in the Mouse Compromises the Blood-Brain Barrier in the Arcuate Nucleus of Offspring.
Impact of Dietary Lipids on Colonic Function and Microbiota: An Experimental Approach Involving Orlistat-Induced Fat Malabsorption in Human Volunteers.
Weight-Loss Diets, Adiponectin, and Changes in Cardiometabolic Risk in the 2-Year POUNDS Lost Trial.
Hyper-Variability in Circulating Insulin, High Fat Feeding Outcomes, and Effects of Reducing Ins2 Dosage in Male Ins1-Null Mice in a Specific Pathogen-Free Facility.
Leptin Production by Encapsulated Adipocytes Increases Brown Fat, Decreases Resistin, and Improves Glucose Intolerance in Obese Mice.
Comparison of ochratoxin A levels in edible pig tissues and in biological fluids after exposure to a contaminated diet.
Metformin Prevents Fatty Liver and Improves Balance of White/Brown Adipose in an Obesity Mouse Model by Inducing FGF21.
Aging Increases Susceptibility to High Fat Diet-Induced Metabolic Syndrome in C57BL/6 Mice: Improvement in Glycemic and Lipid Profile after Antioxidant Therapy.
cMET inhibitor crizotinib impairs angiogenesis and reduces tumor burden in the C3(1)-Tag model of basal-like breast cancer.
Anti-Obesity and Hypoglycemic Effects of Poncirus trifoliata L. Extracts in High-Fat Diet C57BL/6 Mice.
Alternate-Day High-Fat Diet Induces an Increase in Mitochondrial Enzyme Activities and Protein Content in Rat Skeletal Muscle.
Tocotrienols and Whey Protein Isolates Substantially Increase Exercise Endurance Capacity in Diet -Induced Obese Male Sprague-Dawley Rats.
The role of metformin and resveratrol in the prevention of hypoxia-inducible factor 1α accumulation and fibrosis in hypoxic adipose tissue.
Improvement in adiposity with oligofructose is modified by antibiotics in obese rats.
p46Shc Inhibits Thiolase and Lipid Oxidation in Mitochondria.
Sphingosine-1-phosphate Phosphatase 2 Regulates Pancreatic Islet β-Cell Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress and Proliferation.
Maternal obesity epigenetically alters visceral fat progenitor cell properties in male offspring mice.
High-fructose diet in pregnancy leads to fetal programming of hypertension, insulin resistance, and obesity in adult offspring.
Trans-11 vaccenic acid improves insulin secretion in models of type 2 diabetes in vivo and in vitro.
miR-149 controls non-alcoholic fatty liver by targeting FGF-21.
Metabolic Adaptation of the Small Intestine to Short- and Medium-Term High-Fat Diet Exposure.
A high-fat diet negatively affects rat sperm mitochondrial respiration.
L-carnitine prevents metabolic steatohepatitis in obese diabetic KK-A<sup>y</sup> mice.
Pioglitazone alleviates inflammation in diabetic mice fed a high-fat diet via inhibiting advanced glycation end-product-induced classical macrophage activation.
[Dietary Factors Associated with Hyperuricemia and Glycolipid Metabolism Disorder in Middle-aged and Elderly People].
Pharmacological Effects of Niacin on Acute Hyperlipemia.
Removal of high-fat diet after chronic exposure drives binge behavior and dopaminergic dysregulation in female mice.
Auto-inhibitory regulation of angiotensin II functionality in hamster aorta during the early phases of dyslipidemia.
IEX-1 deficiency induces browning of white adipose tissue and resists diet-induced obesity.
Reducing crude protein and rumen degradable protein with a constant concentration of rumen undegradable protein in the diet of dairy cows: Production performance, nutrient digestibility, nitrogen efficiency, and blood metabolites.
Influence of dietary copper concentrations on growth performance, serum lipid profiles, antioxidant defenses, and fur quality in growing-furring male blue foxes (Vulpes lagopus).
Novel Mutations in the CPT1A Gene Identified in the Patient Presenting Jaundice as the First Manifestation of Carnitine Palmitoyltransferase 1A Deficiency.
Berberine alleviates the cerebrovascular contractility in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats through modulation of intracellular Ca²⁺ handling in smooth muscle cells.
Cinnamomum camphora Seed Kernel Oil Improves Lipid Metabolism and Enhances β3-Adrenergic Receptor Expression in Diet-Induced Obese Rats.
Glucoregulatory, endocrine and morphological effects of [P5K]hymenochirin-1B in mice with diet-induced glucose intolerance and insulin resistance.
Five stages of progressive β-cell dysfunction in the laboratory Nile rat model of type 2 diabetes.
Ameliorative Effects of Pomegranate Peel Extract against Dietary-Induced Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver in Rats.
In Vitro and In Vivo Antioxidant Activity of Aged Ginseng (Panax ginseng).
A Recipe Composed of Chinese Herbal Active Components Regulates Hepatic Lipid Metabolism of NAFLD In Vivo and In Vitro.
PD-1, PD-L1 and PD-L2 expression in mouse prostate cancer.
Resveratrol supplementation confers neuroprotection in cortical brain tissue of nonhuman primates fed a high-fat/sucrose diet.
Black Adzuki Bean (Vigna angularis) Extract Protects Pancreatic β Cells and Improves Glucose Tolerance in C57BL/6J Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Interleukin-17A Differentially Induces Inflammatory and Metabolic Gene Expression in the Adipose Tissues of Lean and Obese Mice.
Programming Effects of Prenatal Glucocorticoid Exposure with a Postnatal High-Fat Diet in Diabetes Mellitus.
Associations between Macronutrient Intake and Obstructive Sleep Apnoea as Well as Self-Reported Sleep Symptoms: Results from a Cohort of Community Dwelling Australian Men.
Bilirubin Binding to PPARα Inhibits Lipid Accumulation.
Orexin-A represses satiety-inducing POMC neurons and contributes to obesity via stimulation of endocannabinoid signaling.
[Effect of Astragali Radix in improving early renal damage in metabolic syndrome rats through ACE2/Mas pathway].
Mild endothelial dysfunction in Sirt3 knockout mice fed a high-cholesterol diet: protective role of a novel C/EBP-β-dependent feedback regulation of SOD2.
Age and High-Fat Diet Effects on Glutamine Synthetase Immunoreactivity in Liver and Hippocampus and Recognition Memory in Mice.
The Effects of Supplementary Mulberry Leaf (Morus alba) Extracts on the Trace Element Status (Fe, Zn and Cu) in Relation to Diabetes Management and Antioxidant Indices in Diabetic Rats.
Re-evaluation of the traditional diet-heart hypothesis: analysis of recovered data from Minnesota Coronary Experiment (1968-73).
C/EBPβ in bone marrow is essential for diet induced inflammation, cholesterol balance, and atherosclerosis.
Recent Fast Food Consumption and Bisphenol A and Phthalates Exposures among the U.S. Population in NHANES, 2003-2010.
Effect of dexamethasone on hypothalamic expression of appetite-related genes in chickens under different diet and feeding conditions.
Intermittent exercise improves the vasoreactivity of the thoracic aorta in rats.
High fat diet induced alterations of atrial electrical activities in mice.
Effects of medium-chain fatty acids on performance, carcass characteristics, blood biochemical parameters and immune response in Japanese quail.
Preventive and therapeutic moderate aerobic exercise programs convert atherosclerotic plaques into a more stable phenotype.
The Hypolipidemic Effect of Total Saponins from Kuding Tea in High-Fat Diet-Induced Hyperlipidemic Mice and Its Composition Characterized by UPLC-QTOF-MS/MS.
The effect of celecoxib on tumor growth in ovarian cancer cells and a genetically engineered mouse model of serous ovarian cancer.
Fermented Barley Supplementation Modulates the Expression of Hypothalamic Genes and Reduces Energy Intake and Weight Gain in Rats.
Treatment with Oxidized Phospholipids Directly Inhibits Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis and Liver Fibrosis Without Affecting Steatosis.
Adipose tissue transcriptional response of lipid metabolism genes in growing Iberian pigs fed oleic acid v. carbohydrate enriched diets.
Association between PPAR-γ2 Pro12Ala genotype and insulin resistance is modified by circulating lipids in Mexican children.
Combined effect of diet and cervical microbiome on the risk of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia.
High cholesterol diet leads to oxidant load and peroxidation in the rabbit kidney tissue.
Salidroside alleviates oxidative stress in the liver with non- alcoholic steatohepatitis in rats.
A pharmacological inhibitor of NLRP3 inflammasome prevents non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in a mouse model induced by high fat diet.
Multi-Strain Probiotics Inhibit Cardiac Myopathies and Autophagy to Prevent Heart Injury in High-Fat Diet-Fed Rats.
Modeling Energy Dynamics in Mice with Skeletal Muscle Hypertrophy Fed High Calorie Diets.
The Ablation of Mitochondrial Protein Phosphatase Pgam5 Confers Resistance Against Metabolic Stress.
miR-378 Activates the Pyruvate-PEP Futile Cycle and Enhances Lipolysis to Ameliorate Obesity in Mice.
The Effects of High Fat Diet and Resveratrol on Mitochondrial Activity of Brown Adipocytes.
[Regulatory Effect of Qushi Huayu Recipe on Gene Expression Profiles of Fatty Liver Rats].
Electroacupuncture Improves Insulin Resistance by Reducing Neuroprotein Y/Agouti-Related Protein Levels and Inhibiting Expression of Protein Tyrosine Phosphatase 1B in Diet-induced Obese Rats.
Effects of Electroacupuncture on Pro-/Anti-inflammatory Adipokines in Serum and Adipose Tissue in Lean and Diet-induced Obese Rats.
Effect of dietary lignocellulose on ileal and total tract digestibility of fat and fatty acids in broiler chickens.
The intake of high-fat diets induces an obesogenic-like gene expression profile in peripheral blood mononuclear cells, which is reverted by dieting.
High-Density Lipoprotein Proteomic Composition, and not Efflux Capacity, Reflects Differential Modulation of Reverse Cholesterol Transport by Saturated and Monounsaturated Fat Diets.
GPR21 KO mice demonstrate no resistance to high fat diet induced obesity or improved glucose tolerance.
Data in support of dyslipidemia-associated alterations in B cell subpopulations frequency and phenotype during experimental atherosclerosis.
Conjugated Linoleic Triacylglycerols Exhibit Superior Lymphatic Absorption Than Free Conjugate Linoleic Acids and Have Antiobesity Properties.
Artemisia capillaris formula inhibits hepatic steatosis via an miR‑122‑induced decrease in fatty acid synthase expression in vivo and in vitro.
Mediterranean diet and telomere length in high cardiovascular risk subjects from the PREDIMED-NAVARRA study.
Characterization and hypoglycemic activity of a β-pyran polysaccharides from bamboo shoot (Leleba oldhami Nakal) shells.
High-fat enteral nutrition reduces intestinal mucosal barrier damage after peritoneal air exposure.
Distinct metabolic effects of resveratrol on lipogenesis markers in mice adipose tissue treated with high-polyunsaturated fat and high-protein diets.
Selenium-fertilized forage as a way to supplement lactating dairy cows.
Short-term feeding at the wrong time is sufficient to desynchronize peripheral clocks and induce obesity with hyperphagia, physical inactivity and metabolic disorders in mice.
BMP-9 enhances fibroblast growth factor 21 expression and suppresses obesity.
Antihyperlipidemic and Antioxidant Activities of Edible Tunisian Ficus carica L. Fruits in High Fat Diet-Induced Hyperlipidemic Rats.
Central Sympathetic Modulation Reverses Microvascular Alterations in a Rat Model of High-Fat Diet-Induced Metabolic Syndrome.
The relationship between retinol-binding protein 4 and apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins is attenuated in patients with very high serum triglycerides: A pilot study.
MNK1 and MNK2 mediate adverse effects of high-fat feeding in distinct ways.
EGFR Inhibition Blocks Palmitic Acid-induced inflammation in cardiomyocytes and Prevents Hyperlipidemia-induced Cardiac Injury in Mice.
Decreased vascular H2S production is associated with vascular oxidative stress in rats fed a high-fat western diet.
Lipotoxic brain microvascular injury is mediated by activating transcription factor 3-dependent inflammatory and oxidative stress pathways.
Early-onset obesity dysregulates pulmonary adipocytokine/insulin signaling and induces asthma-like disease in mice.
The Influence of Palatable Diets in Reward System Activation: A Mini Review.
Beneficial Effects of Dietary Nitrate on Endothelial Function and Blood Pressure Levels.
In vivo radiometric analysis of glucose uptake and distribution in mouse bone.
Extracts of Coreopsis tinctoria Nutt. Flower Exhibit Antidiabetic Effects via the Inhibition of α-Glucosidase Activity.
Effects of Early Nutrition on the Infant Metabolome.
Gpr97 is dispensable for metabolic syndrome but is involved in macrophage inflammation in high-fat diet-induced obesity in mice.
Tbc1d1 deletion suppresses obesity in leptin-deficient mice.
Isocaloric high-fat feeding directs hepatic metabolism to handling of nutrient imbalance promoting liver fat deposition.
Ursolic acid and rosiglitazone combination improves insulin sensitivity by increasing the skeletal muscle insulin-stimulated IRS-1 tyrosine phosphorylation in high-fat diet-fed C57BL/6J mice.
Cellular cholesterol accumulation modulates high fat high sucrose (HFHS) diet-induced ER stress and hepatic inflammasome activation in the development of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Development of Human-Like Advanced Coronary Plaques in Low-Density Lipoprotein Receptor Knockout Pigs and Justification for Statin Treatment Before Formation of Atherosclerotic Plaques.
Hypoglycemic activity of 6-bromoembelin and vilangin in high-fat diet fed-streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetic rats and molecular docking studies.
Non-Genetic Transmission of Obesity - It's in Your Epigenes.
Effect of high-fructose and high-fat diets on pulmonary sensitivity, motor activity, and body composition of brown Norway rats exposed to ozone.
A Lebanese dietary pattern promotes better diet quality among older adults: findings from a national cross-sectional study.
Effects of crocin and voluntary exercise, alone or combined, on heart VEGF-A and HOMA-IR of HFD/STZ induced type 2 diabetic rats.
Hypoxia-inducible factor prolyl hydroxylase 1 (PHD1) deficiency promotes hepatic steatosis and liver-specific insulin resistance in mice.
[Effect of chitooligosaccharide on hepatic triglyceride metabolism and related mechanisms].
Conjugated linoleic acid supplementation enhances insulin sensitivity and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma and glucose transporter type 4 protein expression in the skeletal muscles of rats during endurance exercise.
High fat diet and stem cells: Linking diet to intestinal tumor formation.
Beneficial Effects of Sarpogrelate and Rosuvastatin in High Fat Diet/Streptozotocin-Induced Nephropathy in Mice.
[Efficient and rapid liquid reduction animal model].
Protein kinase A induces UCP1 expression in specific adipose depots to increase energy expenditure and improve metabolic health.
DEPTOR in POMC neurons affects liver metabolism but is dispensable for the regulation of energy balance.
Adipose tissue mTORC2 regulates ChREBP-driven de novo lipogenesis and hepatic glucose metabolism.
Glucagon receptor antagonist and GIP agonist combination for diet-induced obese mice.
Renoprotective effect of berberine via regulating the PGE2 -EP1-Gαq-Ca(2+) signalling pathway in glomerular mesangial cells of diabetic rats.
A High-Saturated-Fat, High-Sucrose Diet Aggravates Bone Loss in Ovariectomized Female Rats.
Variations in HDL-carried miR-223 and miR-135a concentrations after consumption of dietary trans fat are associated with changes in blood lipid and inflammatory markers in healthy men - an exploratory study.
Intestinal Microbiota and Microbial Metabolites Are Changed in a Pig Model Fed a High-Fat/Low-Fiber or a Low-Fat/High-Fiber Diet.
Nutrient intake in Spanish adolescents SCOFF high-scorers: the AVENA study.
Polyphenol intake from a Mediterranean diet decreases inflammatory biomarkers related to atherosclerosis: a substudy of the PREDIMED trial.
Prior renovascular hypertension does not predispose to atherosclerosis in mice.
Prior exercise training blunts short-term high-fat diet-induced weight gain.
Circulating MicroRNA Responses between 'High' and 'Low' Responders to a 16-Wk Diet and Exercise Weight Loss Intervention.
Overexpression of p53 Improves Blood Glucose Control in an Insulin Resistant Diabetic Mouse Model.
Effects of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids high fat diet intervention on the synthesis of hepatic high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in obesity-insulin resistance rats.
Loss of anti-contractile effect of perivascular adipose tissue in offspring of obese rats.
Fas Regulates Macrophage Polarization and Fibrogenic Phenotype in a Model of Chronic Ethanol-Induced Hepatocellular Injury.
Treadmill Running and Rutin Reverse High Fat Diet Induced Cognitive Impairment in Diet Induced Obese Mice.
A High-sugar High-fat Diet Induced Metabolic Syndrome Shows some Symptoms of Alzheimer's Disease in Rats.
Dietary intake, leisure time activities and obesity among adolescents in Western Sweden: a cross-sectional study.
On the pivotal role of PPARα in adaptation of the heart to hypoxia and why fat in the diet increases hypoxic injury.
Oral Resveratrol Prevents Osteoarthritis Progression in C57BL/6J Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Aerobic exercise training in the treatment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease related fibrosis.
Dietary patterns are associated with various vascular health markers and complications in type 1 diabetes.
Adipocyte glucocorticoid receptor has a minor contribution in adipose tissue growth.
Maternal high-calorie diet is associated with altered hepatic microRNA expression and impaired metabolic health in offspring at weaning age.
Dietary intervention in obese dams protects male offspring from WAT induction of TRPV4, adiposity, and hyperinsulinemia.
High fat diet promotes prostatic basal-to-luminal differentiation and accelerates initiation of prostate epithelial hyperplasia originated from basal cells.
High-fructose and high-fat feeding correspondingly lead to the development of lysoPC-associated apoptotic cardiomyopathy and adrenergic signaling-related cardiac hypertrophy.
Geraniol improves endothelial function by inhibiting NOX-2 derived oxidative stress in high fat diet fed mice.
MicroRNA-421 induces hepatic mitochondrial dysfunction in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease mice by inhibiting sirtuin 3.
The potential of replacing soyabean oil cake with macadamia oil cake in broiler diets.
The effect of a vegetarian versus conventional hypocaloric diet on serum concentrations of persistent organic pollutants in patients with type 2 diabetes.
High calcium diet improves the liver oxidative stress and microsteatosis in adult obese rats that were overfed during lactation.
Ursolic acid prevents augmented peripheral inflammation and inflammatory hyperalgesia in high-fat diet-induced obese rats by restoring downregulated spinal PPARα.
Rheum palmatum L. Attenuates High Fat Diet-Induced Hepatosteatosis by Activating AMP-Activated Protein Kinase.
Identification of liver CYP51 as a gene responsive to circulating cholesterol in a hamster model.
Obesogenic memory can confer long-term increases in adipose tissue but not liver inflammation and insulin resistance after weight loss.
Hypothalamus proteomics from mouse models with obesity and anorexia reveals therapeutic targets of appetite regulation.
The impact of altered carnitine availability on acylcarnitine metabolism, energy expenditure and glucose tolerance in diet-induced obese mice.
Environmental Enrichment Mitigates Detrimental Cognitive Effects of Ketogenic Diet in Weanling Rats.
[Feasibility of targeted magnetic resonance imaging on visualizing tenascin-C expression in atherosclerosis plaque in high-fat diet fed ApoE(-/-) mice].
Effect of dietary fat and the circadian clock on the expression of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF).
The innovative 'Bio-Oil Spread' prevents metabolic disorders and mediates preconditioning-like cardioprotection in rats.
Vitamin D inadequacy is widespread in Tunisian active boys and is related to diet but not to adiposity or insulin resistance.
Genetic variation of fasting glucose and changes in glycemia in response to 2-year weight-loss diet intervention: the POUNDS LOST trial.
The effect of palmitate supplementation on gene expression profile in proliferating myoblasts.
The effect of adropin on lipid and glucose metabolism in rats with hyperlipidemia.
Extract of a polyherbal formulation ameliorates experimental nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
Exposure to environmentally persistent free radicals during gestation lowers energy expenditure and impairs skeletal muscle mitochondrial function in adult mice.
High-intensity exercise training increases the diversity and metabolic capacity of the mouse distal gut microbiota during diet-induced obesity.
Capric Acid Up-Regulates UCP3 Expression without PDK4 Induction in Mouse C2C12 Myotubes.
Diet and Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
Cardioprotective effect of pioglitazone in diabetic and non-diabetic rats subjected to acute myocardial infarction involves suppression of AGE-RAGE axis and inhibition of apoptosis.
Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) therapy attenuates left ventricular dysfunction and metabolic disturbance by improving FGF21 sensitivity, cardiac mitochondrial redox homoeostasis and structural changes in pre-diabetic rats.
Intolerable secretion and diabetes in tolerant transgenic mice, revisited.
Fat eggs shape offspring health.
Asiatic acid attenuates renin-angiotensin system activation and improves vascular function in high-carbohydrate, high-fat diet fed rats.
Early administration of trimetazidine attenuates diabetic cardiomyopathy in rats by alleviating fibrosis, reducing apoptosis and enhancing autophagy.
The influence of maternal nutrition on expression of genes responsible for adipogenesis and myogenesis in the bovine fetus.
Intervention with a caspase-1 inhibitor reduces obesity-associated hyperinsulinemia, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and hepatic fibrosis in LDLR-/-.Leiden mice.
Grape seed proanthocyanidin extracts prevent hyperglycemia-induced monocyte adhesion to aortic endothelial cells and ameliorates vascular inflammation in high-carbohydrate/high-fat diet and streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.
Effect of the oral iron chelator deferiprone in diabetic nephropathy rats.
Sitagliptin inhibits endothelin-1 expression in the aortic endothelium of rats with streptozotocin-induced diabetes by suppressing the nuclear factor-κB/IκBα system through the activation of AMP-activated protein kinase.
Depot- and sex-specific effects of maternal obesity in offspring's adipose tissue.
Fatty acid-induced astrocyte ketone production and the control of food intake.
Establishment of Rabbit Abdominal Aortic Atherosclerosis Model by Pancreatic Elastase Infiltration Associated with High Fat Diet.
Antiobesity Effects of the Combined Plant Extracts Varying the Combination Ratio of Phyllostachys pubescens Leaf Extract and Scutellaria baicalensis Root Extract.
Rubus crataegifolius Bunge regulates adipogenesis through Akt and inhibits high-fat diet-induced obesity in rats.
Involvement of the NF-κB signaling pathway in the renoprotective effects of isorhamnetin in a type 2 diabetic rat model.
Clostridium Butyricum CGMCC0313.1 Modulates Lipid Profile, Insulin Resistance and Colon Homeostasis in Obese Mice.
Correction: Tauroursodeoxycholic Acid Mitigates High Fat Diet-Induced Cardiomyocyte Contractile and Intracellular Ca2+ Anomalies.
Antibiotic perturbation of the murine gut microbiome enhances the adiposity, insulin resistance, and liver disease associated with high-fat diet.
Lingonberries alter the gut microbiota and prevent low-grade inflammation in high-fat diet fed mice.
A high fat diet alters metabolic and bioenergetic function in the brain: A magnetic resonance spectroscopy study.
The beneficial potential of polyphenol-enriched fraction from Erigerontis Herba on metabolic syndrome.
Atheroprotective effects of Cuphea carthagenensis (Jacq.) J. F. Macbr. in New Zealand rabbits fed with cholesterol-rich diet.
Germline loss of PKM2 promotes metabolic distress and hepatocellular carcinoma.
Dual Outcomes of Rosiglitazone Treatment on Fatty Liver.
Deficiency of the oxygen sensor prolyl hydroxylase 1 attenuates hypercholesterolaemia, atherosclerosis, and hyperglycaemia.
Early hypermethylation of hepatic Igfbp2 results in its reduced expression preceding fatty liver in mice.
Serum amyloid A links endotoxaemia to weight gain and insulin resistance in mice.
Imaging Reveals the Connection Between Spontaneous Coronary Plaque Ruptures, Atherothrombosis, and Myocardial Infarctions in HypoE/SRBI-/- Mice.
Maternal High-Fat Diet during Pregnancy and Lactation Influences Obestatin and Ghrelin Concentrations in Milk and Plasma of Wistar Rat Dams and Their Offspring.
Exposure to Fine Particulate Air Pollution Causes Vascular Insulin Resistance by Inducing Pulmonary Oxidative Stress.
Comparison of Diet versus Exercise on Metabolic Function and Gut Microbiota in Obese Rats.
Macrophage TCF-4 co-activates p65 to potentiate chronic inflammation and insulin resistance in mice.
The effects of maternal and post-weaning diet interaction on glucose metabolism and gut microbiota in male mice offspring.
Rats with a truncated ghrelin receptor (GHSR) do not respond to ghrelin, and show reduced intake of palatable, high-calorie food.
Low-calorie sweetener use and energy balance: Results from experimental studies in animals, and large-scale prospective studies in humans.
Glycyrrhizic acid prevents high calorie diet-induced metabolic aberrations despite the suppression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ expression.
Relationship Between Breast Density and Selective Estrogen-Receptor Modulators, Aromatase Inhibitors, Physical Activity, and Diet: A Systematic Review.
High-fat diet-dependent modulation of the delayed rectifier K(+) current in adult guinea pig atrial myocytes.
Oleuropein aglycone and polyphenols from olive mill waste water ameliorate cognitive deficits and neuropathology.
Anti-apoptotic and Pro-survival Effects of Food Restriction on High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Hearts.
Myeloid-Cell-Derived VEGF Maintains Brain Glucose Uptake and Limits Cognitive Impairment in Obesity.
Impact of high-fat diet on the proteome of mouse liver.
Alcohol-free fermented blueberry-blackberry beverage phenolic extract attenuates diet-induced obesity and blood glucose in C57BL/6J mice.
Urinary metabolic profile predicts high-fat diet sensitivity in the C57Bl6/J mouse.
Decreased beige adipocyte number and mitochondrial respiration coincide with increased histone methyl transferase (G9a) and reduced FGF21 gene expression in Sprague-Dawley rats fed prenatal low protein and postnatal high-fat diets.
Diet-induced obesity, energy metabolism and gut microbiota in C57BL/6J mice fed Western diets based on lean seafood or lean meat mixtures.
A polyphenol-rich fraction obtained from table grapes decreases adiposity, insulin resistance and markers of inflammation and impacts gut microbiota in high-fat-fed mice.
5-HT 2 receptor mediates high-fat diet-induced hepatic steatosis and very low density lipoprotein overproduction in rats.
The acute effects of time-of-day-dependent high fat feeding on whole body metabolic flexibility in mice.
The role of I-FABP as a biomarker of intestinal barrier dysfunction driven by gut microbiota changes in obesity.
Age-associated vascular inflammation promotes monocytosis during atherogenesis.
Young microbes for adult obesity.
Perilipin 5 restores the formation of lipid droplets in activated hepatic stellate cells and inhibits their activation.
A Rat Model to Study the Effects of Diet-Induced Obesity on Radiation-Induced Mammary Carcinogenesis.
Hydrogen Sulfide Up-Regulates the Expression of ATP-Binding Cassette Transporter A1 via Promoting Nuclear Translocation of PPARα.
Moderately Low Magnesium Intake Impairs Growth of Lean Body Mass in Obese-Prone and Obese-Resistant Rats Fed a High-Energy Diet.
The Amplifying Pathway of the β-Cell Contributes to Diet-induced Obesity.
Passiflora edulis peel intake improves insulin sensitivity, increasing incretins and hypothalamic satietogenic neuropeptide in rats on a high-fat diet.
GQ-16, a TZD-Derived Partial PPARγ Agonist, Induces the Expression of Thermogenesis-Related Genes in Brown Fat and Visceral White Fat and Decreases Visceral Adiposity in Obese and Hyperglycemic Mice.
Antilipidemic effects and gene expression profiling of the glycosaminoglycans from cricket in rats on a high fat diet.
Association of consumption of dairy products and meat with retinal vessel calibers in subjects at increased cardiovascular risk.
The Herbal Medicine Cordyceps sinensis Protects Pancreatic Beta Cells from Streptozotocin-Induced Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress.
PI3K-resistant GSK3 controls adiponectin formation and protects from metabolic syndrome.
Pomegranate extract and exercise provide additive benefits on improvement of immune function by inhibiting inflammation and oxidative stress in high-fat-diet-induced obesity in rats.
Fucoidan alleviates high-fat diet-induced dyslipidemia and atherosclerosis in ApoE(shl) mice deficient in apolipoprotein E expression.
Raspberry seed flour attenuates high-sucrose diet-mediated hepatic stress and adipose tissue inflammation.
Influences of dietary vitamin D restriction on bone strength, body composition and muscle in rats fed a high-fat diet: involvement of mRNA expression of MyoD in skeletal muscle.
Dietary interesterified fat enriched with palmitic acid induces atherosclerosis by impairing macrophage cholesterol efflux and eliciting inflammation.
Protective role of n6/n3 PUFA supplementation with varying DHA/EPA ratios against atherosclerosis in mice.
Oxytocin Protects against Stress-Induced Cell Death in Murine Pancreatic β-Cells.
Exercise improved lipid metabolism and insulin sensitivity in rats fed a high-fat diet by regulating glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4) and musclin expression.
Loss of CTRP5 improves insulin action and hepatic steatosis.
Veratri Nigri Rhizoma et Radix (Veratrum nigrum L.) and Its Constituent Jervine Prevent Adipogenesis via Activation of the LKB1-AMPKα-ACC Axis In Vivo and In Vitro.
Altered Body Weight Regulation in CK1ε Null and tau Mutant Mice on Regular Chow and High Fat Diets.
Chronic treatment with a carbon monoxide releasing molecule reverses dietary induced obesity in mice.
High-fat diet-induced obesity Rat model: a comparison between Wistar and Sprague-Dawley Rat.
Postprandial fatty acid uptake and adipocyte remodeling in angiotensin type 2 receptor-deficient mice fed a high-fat/high-fructose diet.
Adipose cell hypertrophy precedes the appearance of small adipocytes by 3 days in C57BL/6 mouse upon changing to a high fat diet.
A short bout of HFD promotes long-lasting hepatic lipid accumulation.
Fiber in Diet Is Associated with Improvement of Glycated Hemoglobin and Lipid Profile in Mexican Patients with Type 2 Diabetes.
Nutritional Adequacy and Diet Quality in Colorectal Cancer Patients Postsurgery: A Pilot Study.
Free Fatty Acid Receptor 4 (GPR120) Stimulates Bone Formation and Suppresses Bone Resorption in the Presence of Elevated n-3 Fatty Acid Levels.
Bisphenol A Promotes Adiposity and Inflammation in a Nonmonotonic Dose-response Way in 5-week-old Male and Female C57BL/6J Mice Fed a Low-calorie Diet.
Dietary supplementation with Lactobacillus plantarum dy-1 fermented barley suppresses body weight gain in high-fat diet-induced obese rats.
Biochanin A improves hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance by regulating the hepatic lipid and glucose metabolic pathways in diet-induced obese mice.
Metformin blocks progression of obesity-activated thyroid cancer in a mouse model.
Maternal high-fat diet promotes onset of diabetes in rat offspring.
Effect of high dietary fat content on heat production and lipid and protein deposition in growing immunocastrated male pigs.
Flagellin-induced NADPH oxidase 4 activation is involved in atherosclerosis.
Hypolipidemic effects of chitosan and its derivatives in hyperlipidemic rats induced by a high-fat diet.
The metabolic response to a high-fat diet reveals obesity-prone and -resistant phenotypes in mice with distinct mRNA-seq transcriptome profiles.
Cholesterol 7α-hydroxylase-deficient mice are protected from high-fat/high-cholesterol diet-induced metabolic disorders.
Metabolic adaptation and reticuloruminal pH in periparturient dairy cows experiencing different lipolysis early postpartum.
Leptin, insulin and body composition changes during adjuvant taxane based chemotherapy in patients with breast cancer, preliminary study.
Dietary patterns in India: a systematic review.
Distinct Adipose Depots from Mice Differentially Respond to a High-Fat, High-Salt Diet.
Role of Fyn-mediated NMDA receptor function in prediabetic neuropathy in mice.
High fat diet accelerates cartilage repair in DBA/1 Mice.
SP6616 as a new Kv2.1 channel inhibitor efficiently promotes β-cell survival involving both PKC/Erk1/2 and CaM/PI3K/Akt signaling pathways.
Microbiota and caspase-1/caspase-8 regulate IL-1β-mediated bone disease.
Voluntary physical activity abolishes the proliferative tumor growth microenvironment created by adipose tissue in animals fed a high fat diet.
Evidence for a Circadian Effect on the Reduction of Human Growth Hormone Gene Expression in Response to Excess Caloric Intake.
Characterization of the role of sphingomyelin synthase 2 in glucose metabolism in whole-body and peripheral tissues in mice.
Discrete strategies to reduce intake of discretionary food choices: a scoping review.
S6K1 Phosphorylation of H2B Mediates EZH2 Trimethylation of H3: A Determinant of Early Adipogenesis.
Role of Mitochondrial Oxidative Stress in Glucose Tolerance, Insulin Resistance, and Cardiac Diastolic Dysfunction.
Chronic AMPK activation via loss of FLCN induces functional beige adipose tissue through PGC-1α/ERRα.
New horizons on the role of cannabinoid CB1 receptors in palatable food intake, obesity and related dysmetabolism.
You Are What You Eat: Linking High-Fat Diet to Stem Cell Dysfunction and Tumorigenesis.
Carbohydrate quantity and quality and cardio-metabolic risk.
Hypolipidemic and Antioxidative Effects of Glossogyne tenuifolia in Hamsters Fed an Atherogenic Diet.
Soy Isoflavones Regulate Lipid Metabolism through an AKT/mTORC1 Pathway in Diet-Induced Obesity (DIO) Male Rats.
Thoughts on Obesity and Brain Glucose.
Mechanistic link between erectile dysfunction and systemic endothelial dysfunction in type 2 diabetic rats.
Dietary Calanus oil antagonizes angiotensin II-induced hypertension and tissue wasting in diet-induced obese mice.
How different are baby-led weaning and conventional complementary feeding? A cross-sectional study of infants aged 6-8 months.
Voluntary wheel-running attenuates insulin and weight gain and affects anxiety-like behaviors in C57BL6/J mice exposed to a high-fat diet.
Mechanism of fat taste perception: Association with diet and obesity.
Intake of a Western diet containing cod instead of pork alters fatty acid composition in tissue phospholipids and attenuates obesity and hepatic lipid accumulation in mice.
The insulin-signaling pathway of the pancreatic islet is impaired in adult mice offspring of mothers fed a high-fat diet.
Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Dietary Pattern Is Associated with Reduced Incidence of Metabolic Syndrome in Children and Adolescents.
Obesity does not affect the healing of femur fractures in mice.
The novel TLR9 antagonist COV08-0064 protects from ischemia/reperfusion injury in non-steatotic and steatotic mice livers.
Enhancing the hepatic protective effect of genistein by oral administration with stachyose in mice with chronic high fructose diet consumption.
Lipid-Induced Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress Impairs Selective Autophagy at the Step of Autophagosome-Lysosome Fusion in Hepatocytes.
Dietary sweet cherry anthocyanins attenuates diet-induced hepatic steatosis by improving hepatic lipid metabolism in mice.
Black ginseng extract ameliorates hypercholesterolemia in rats.
Macrophage autophagy regulated by miR-384-5p-mediated control of Beclin-1 plays a role in the development of atherosclerosis.
Relation between anti-atherosclerotic effects of IRAK4 and modulation of vascular smooth muscle cell phenotype in diabetic rats.
Silymarin attenuated hepatic steatosis through regulation of lipid metabolism and oxidative stress in a mouse model of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD).
Role of Dietary Components in Modulating Hypertension.
Effect of Three Levels of Dietary Protein on Metabolic Phenotype of Healthy Individuals With 8 Weeks of Overfeeding.
Obesity Takes Its Toll on Visceral Pain: High-Fat Diet Induces Toll-Like Receptor 4-Dependent Visceral Hypersensitivity.
Ginger extract and aerobic training reduces lipid profile in high-fat fed diet rats.
Chronic Interactions Between Carotid Baroreceptors and Chemoreceptors in Obesity Hypertension.
Ubá mango juices intake decreases adiposity and inflammation in high-fat diet-induced obese Wistar rats.
Maternal high fat intake affects the development and transcriptional profile of fetal intestine in late gestation using pig model.
Flavanol-rich lychee fruit extract alleviates diet-induced insulin resistance via suppressing mTOR/SREBP-1 mediated lipogenesis in liver and restoring insulin signaling in skeletal muscle.
Dairy Heifer Development and Nutrition Management.
Grape seed and skin extract as an adjunct to xenical therapy reduces obesity, brain lipotoxicity and oxidative stress in high fat diet fed rats.
N-acetylcysteine Protects Mice from High Fat Diet-induced Metabolic Disorders.
Pilot study evaluating the efficacy, tolerance and safety of a peptide-based enteral formula versus a high protein enteral formula in multiple ICU settings (medical, surgical, cardiothoracic).
Black tea polyphenols and polysaccharides improve body composition, increase fecal fatty acid, and regulate fat metabolism in high-fat diet-induced obese rats.
Anti-obesity effects of gochujang products prepared using rice koji and soybean meju in rats.
Heat-killed and live Lactobacillus reuteri GMNL-263 exhibit similar effects on improving metabolic functions in high-fat diet-induced obese rats.
Whole Blood RNA as a Source of Transcript-Based Nutrition- and Metabolic Health-Related Biomarkers.
MicroRNA-194 Modulates Glucose Metabolism and Its Skeletal Muscle Expression Is Reduced in Diabetes.
Attenuation of obesity-induced insulin resistance in mice with heterozygous deletion of ROCK2.
Cathelicidin suppresses lipid accumulation and hepatic steatosis by inhibition of the CD36 receptor.
Potential anti-obesity effects of a long-acting cocaine hydrolase.
Macronutrient Balance and Dietary Glycemic Index in Pregnancy Predict Neonatal Body Composition.
Experimental type II diabetes and related models of impaired glucose metabolism differentially regulate glucose transporters at the proximal tubule brush border membrane.
Impact of exogenous lipase supplementation on growth, intestinal function, mucosal immune and physical barrier, and related signaling molecules mRNA expression of young grass carp (Ctenopharyngodon idella).
Exercise does not activate the β3 adrenergic receptor-eNOS pathway, but reduces inducible NOS expression to protect the heart of obese diabetic mice.
The effects of indoor and outdoor temperature on metabolic rate and adipose tissue - the Mississippi perspective on the obesity epidemic.
Assessing the nutritional quality of diets of Canadian children and adolescents using the 2014 Health Canada Surveillance Tool Tier System.
Reduced miR-200b and miR-200c expression contributes to abnormal hepatic lipid accumulation by stimulating JUN expression and activating the transcription of srebp1.
Reduced intestinal lipid absorption and body weight-independent improvements in insulin sensitivity in high-fat diet-fed Park2 knockout mice.
Six Tissue Transcriptomics Reveals Specific Immune Suppression in Spleen by Dietary Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids.
Effect of including whole linseed and vitamin E in the diet of young bulls slaughtered at two fat covers on the sensory quality of beef packaged in two different packaging systems.
Fat accumulation, fatty acids and melting point changes in broiler chick abdominal fat as affected by time of dietary fat feeding and slaughter age.
Dietary composition affects the development of cognitive deficits in WT and Tg AD model mice.
Susceptibility of Different Mouse Wild Type Strains to Develop Diet-Induced NAFLD/AFLD-Associated Liver Disease.
Obesity and tumor growth: inflammation, immunity, and the role of a ketogenic diet.
Neurolytic celiac plexus block enhances skeletal muscle insulin signaling and attenuates insulin resistance in GK rats.
Dietary Macronutrients and Sleep.
Diet Quality and Change in Blood Lipids during 16 Years of Follow-up and Their Interaction with Genetic Risk for Dyslipidemia.
Sesamin Ameliorates High-Fat Diet-Induced Dyslipidemia and Kidney Injury by Reducing Oxidative Stress.
The Effect of a High-Fat Diet on Brain Plasticity, Inflammation and Cognition in Female ApoE4-Knockin and ApoE-Knockout Mice.
Long-Term High Fat Diet Has a Profound Effect on Body Weight, Hormone Levels, and Estrous Cycle in Mice.
Environmentally Relevant Dose of Bisphenol A Does Not Affect Lipid Metabolism and Has No Synergetic or Antagonistic Effects on Genistein's Beneficial Roles on Lipid Metabolism.
IL-33 treatment attenuated diet-induced hepatic steatosis but aggravated hepatic fibrosis.
Obesity enhances sepsis-induced liver inflammation and injury in mice.
Milk fatty acid profile is modulated by DGAT1 and SCD1 genotypes in dairy cattle on pasture and strategic supplementation.
Cognitive differences between Sprague-Dawley rats selectively bred for sensitivity or resistance to diet induced obesity.
Polychlorinated dibenzo-p-dioxins, dibenzofurans and dioxin-like PCBs in commercialized food products from Colombia.
Regulation of glucose dynamics by noninvasive peripheral electrical stimulation in normal and insulin-resistant rats.
NADPH oxidase is implicated in the pathogenesis of oxidative phosphorylation dysfunction in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Hepatic NAD(+) deficiency as a therapeutic target for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in ageing.
Adult Intake of Minimally Processed Fruits and Vegetables: Associations with Cardiometabolic Disease Risk Factors.
Effects of Inulin Supplementation in Low- or High-Fat Diets on Reproductive Performance of Sows and Antioxidant Defence Capacity in Sows and Offspring.
Inclusion of an emulsifier to the diets containing different sources of fats on performances of Khaki Campbell ducks.
Diet supplementation with rice bran enzymatic extract restores endothelial impairment and wall remodelling of ApoE(-/-) mice microvessels.
Effects of a multidisciplinary body weight reduction program on static and dynamic thoraco-abdominal volumes in obese adolescents.
High-Fat Diet Promotion of Endometriosis in an Immunocompetent Mouse Model is Associated With Altered Peripheral and Ectopic Lesion Redox and Inflammatory Status.
Progressive Neuronal Pathology and Synaptic Loss Induced by Prediabetes and Type 2 Diabetes in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Protective effect of lycopene on high-fat diet-induced cognitive impairment in rats.
Innate lymphoid cells contribute to allergic airway disease exacerbation by obesity.
Swimming exercise increases serum irisin level and reduces body fat mass in high-fat-diet fed Wistar rats.
NO synthesis from arginine is favored by α-linolenic acid in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Sulfation pattern of fucose branches affects the anti-hyperlipidemic activities of fucosylated chondroitin sulfate.
Fatty acid composition in serum correlates with that in the liver and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease activity scores in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Maternal exposure to high-fat and high-fructose diet evokes hypoadiponectinemia and kidney injury in rat offspring.
Methylation of miR-145a-5p promoter mediates adipocytes differentiation.
Hypolipidemic mechanism of oryzanol components- ferulic acid and phytosterols.
Free-choice high-fat diet alters circadian oscillation of energy intake in adolescent mice: role of prefrontal cortex.
Mainstream cigarette smoke accelerates the progression of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis by modulating Kupffer cell-mediated hepatocellular apoptosis in adolescent mice.
Autophagy proteins are modulated in the liver and hypothalamus of the offspring of mice with diet-induced obesity.
Emotional profile of female rats showing binge eating behavior.
Comparative aspects of rodent and nonrodent animal models for mechanistic and translational diabetes research.
[Effects of an obesogenic diet enriched in sardine by-products on pro-atherogenic markers in Wistar rats].
Dietary and physical activity of adult patients with type 2 diabetes in Zhejiang province of eastern China: Data from a cross-sectional study.
Phosphoprotein network analysis of white adipose tissues unveils deregulated pathways in response to high-fat diet.
Metformin exerts glucose-lowering action in high-fat fed mice via attenuating endotoxemia and enhancing insulin signaling.
Ces3/TGH Deficiency Attenuates Steatohepatitis.
The nutritive value of condensed wheat distillers solubles for cattle.
Neurodegeneration Alters Metabolic Profile and Sirt 1 Signaling in High-Fat-Induced Obese Mice.
[Roles of MicroRNA-21 in the Pathogenesis of Insulin Resistance and Diabetic Mellitus-induced Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease].
Estrogen and insulin transport through the blood-brain barrier.
Ameliorating effect of Allium Sativum on high-fat diet induced fatty liver in albino rats.
Citrus flavanones prevent systemic inflammation and ameliorate oxidative stress in C57BL/6J mice fed high-fat diet.
Protective effects of maternal methyl donor supplementation on adult offspring of high fat diet-fed dams.
Plasma Acylcarnitines and Amino Acid Levels As an Early Complex Biomarker of Propensity to High-Fat Diet-Induced Obesity in Mice.
Disrupted Leptin Signaling in the Lateral Hypothalamus and Ventral Premammillary Nucleus Alters Insulin and Glucagon Secretion and Protects Against Diet-Induced Obesity.
Prolonged Intake of Dietary Lipids Alters Membrane Structure and T Cell Responses in LDLr-/- Mice.
The 2015 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee Scientific Report: Development and Major Conclusions.
[The therapeutic effects of dietary krill oil (Euphausia superba) supplementation on oxidative stress and DNA damages markers in cafeteria diet-overfed rats].
The impact of HENRY on parenting and family lifestyle: A national service evaluation of a preschool obesity prevention programme.
Preventing High Fat Diet-induced Obesity and Improving Insulin Sensitivity through Neuregulin 4 Gene Transfer.
Regulation of NADPH oxidases in skeletal muscle.
Changes on Adipose Tissue Distribution After Laparoscopic Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass in Obese Göttingen Minipig. Effects on Glucose Metabolism.
Phosphorylated heat shock protein 27 promotes lipid clearance in hepatic cells through interacting with STAT3 and activating autophagy.
Adipocyte (Pro)Renin-Receptor Deficiency Induces Lipodystrophy, Liver Steatosis and Increases Blood Pressure in Male Mice.
Skeletal muscle IL-6 and regulation of liver metabolism during high-fat diet and exercise training.
Effects of metformin and sitagliptin on glycolipid metabolism in type 2 diabetic rats on different diets.
The effect of interaction between Melanocortin-4 receptor polymorphism and dietary factors on the risk of metabolic syndrome.
Overexpression of variant PNPLA3 gene at I148M position causes malignant transformation of hepatocytes via IL-6-JAK2/STAT3 pathway in low dose free fatty acid exposure: a laboratory investigation in vitro and in vivo.
MiR-129-5p-mediated Beclin-1 suppression inhibits endothelial cell autophagy in atherosclerosis.
Mechanisms of fat-induced gastric inhibitory polypeptide/glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide secretion from K cells.
Maternal Hyperleptinemia Is Associated with Male Offspring's Altered Vascular Function and Structure in Mice.
Combined effect of astaxanthin and squalene on oxidative stress in vivo.
Supplemental arginine above the requirement during suckling causes obesity and insulin resistance in rats.
Alternate-day fasting protects the livers of mice against high-fat diet-induced inflammation associated with the suppression of Toll-like receptor 4/nuclear factor κB signaling.
Time-restricted feeding reduces adiposity in mice fed a high-fat diet.
The signaling mechanisms of hippocampal endoplasmic reticulum stress affecting neuronal plasticity-related protein levels in high fat diet-induced obese rats and the regulation of aerobic exercise.
Chronic administration of Angelica sinensis polysaccharide effectively improves fatty liver and glucose homeostasis in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Smooth muscle FGF/TGFβ cross talk regulates atherosclerosis progression.
Dietary patterns in the French adult population: a study from the second French national cross-sectional dietary survey (INCA2) (2006-2007).
Grape powder attenuates the negative effects of GLP-1 receptor antagonism by exendin-3 (9-39) in a normoglycemic mouse model.
Alternating Diet as a Preventive and Therapeutic Intervention for High Fat Diet-induced Metabolic Disorder.
No insulating effect of obesity.
Nuclear Factor Erythroid 2-Related Factor 2 Deficiency Results in Amplification of the Liver Fat-Lowering Effect of Estrogen.
Effects of treadmill exercise on skeletal muscle mTOR signaling pathway in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Effect of Morinda citrifolia (Noni) Fruit Juice on High Fat Diet Induced Dyslipidemia in Rats.
Validation of HOMA-IR in a model of insulin-resistance induced by a high-fat diet in Wistar rats.
Perinatal Exposure to a Diet High in Saturated Fat, Refined Sugar and Cholesterol Affects Behaviour, Growth, and Feed Intake in Weaned Piglets.
Diet and Macronutrient Optimization in Wild Ursids: A Comparison of Grizzly Bears with Sympatric and Allopatric Black Bears.
Depot-specific effects of treadmill running and rutin on white adipose tissue function in diet-induced obese mice.
Chia Seed Shows Good Protein Quality, Hypoglycemic Effect and Improves the Lipid Profile and Liver and Intestinal Morphology of Wistar Rats.
A PUFA-rich diet improves fat oxidation following saturated fat-rich meal.
An obligatory role for neurotensin in high-fat-diet-induced obesity.
Greater diet quality is associated with more optimal glycemic control in a longitudinal study of youth with type 1 diabetes.
Role of lateral septum glucagon-like peptide 1 receptors in food intake.
Hepatocyte MyD88 affects bile acids, gut microbiota and metabolome contributing to regulate glucose and lipid metabolism.
Effect of long-term ingestion of weakly oxidised flaxseed oil on biomarkers of oxidative stress in LDL-receptor knockout mice.
Effect of Exercise and Calorie Restriction on Tissue Acylcarnitines, Tissue Desaturase Indices, and Fat Accumulation in Diet-Induced Obese Rats.
Preventive effects of citrulline on Western diet-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in rats.
What Political Framework Is Necessary to Reduce Malnutrition? A Civil Society Perspective.
Erratum: A pharmacological inhibitor of NLRP3 inflammasome prevents non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in a mouse model induced by high fat diet.
Discordant signaling and autophagy response to fasting in hearts of obese mice: Implications for ischemia tolerance.
Impact of high-fat, low-carbohydrate diet on myocardial substrate oxidation, insulin sensitivity, and cardiac function after ischemia-reperfusion.
Dual-Modality Activity-Based Probes as Molecular Imaging Agents for Vascular Inflammation.
Effect of selective expression of dominant-negative PPARγ in pro-opiomelanocortin neurons on the control of energy balance.
A Fomitopsis pinicola Jeseng Formulation Has an Antiobesity Effect and Protects against Hepatic Steatosis in Mice with High-Fat Diet-Induced Obesity.
In Utero Nutritional Manipulation Provokes Dysregulated Adipocytokines Production in F1 Offspring in Rats.
Lycium barbarum Polysaccharide Mediated the Antidiabetic and Antinephritic Effects in Diet-Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Sprague Dawley Rats via Regulation of NF-κB.
Obesity but not high-fat diet impairs lymphatic function.
A diet containing grape powder ameliorates the cognitive decline in aged rats with a long-term high-fructose-high-fat dietary pattern.
Lipodystrophy Due to Adipose Tissue-Specific Insulin Receptor Knockout Results in Progressive NAFLD.
Temporal Changes in Skeletal Muscle Capillary Responses and Endothelial-Derived Vasodilators in Obesity-Related Insulin Resistance.
The Acute-Phase Protein Orosomucoid Regulates Food Intake and Energy Homeostasis via Leptin Receptor Signaling Pathway.
Skeletal Muscle TRIB3 Mediates Glucose Toxicity in Diabetes and High- Fat Diet-Induced Insulin Resistance.
Tumor Necrosis Factor/Sphingosine-1-Phosphate Signaling Augments Resistance Artery Myogenic Tone in Diabetes.
Integrin-Linked Kinase in Muscle Is Necessary for the Development of Insulin Resistance in Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Early Low-Fat Diet Enriched With Linolenic Acid Reduces Liver Endocannabinoid Tone and Improves Late Glycemic Control After a High-Fat Diet Challenge in Mice.
Adrenomedullin 2 Improves Early Obesity-Induced Adipose Insulin Resistance by Inhibiting the Class II MHC in Adipocytes.
Obesity promotes PhIP-induced small intestinal carcinogenesis in hCYP1A-db/db mice: involvement of mutations and DNA hypermethylation of Apc.
Liver carcinogenesis: from naughty chemicals to soothing fat and the surprising role of NRF2.
Significant obesity-associated gene expression changes occur in the stomach but not intestines in obese mice.
Effects of solid-phase extraction of plasma in measuring gut metabolic hormones in fasted and fed blood of lean and diet-induced obese rats.
ROS-mediated glucose metabolic reprogram induces insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes.
Curcumin rescues high fat diet-induced obesity and insulin sensitivity in mice through regulating SREBP pathway.
Evidence for the involvement of neuropeptide Y in the antidepressant effect of imipramine in type 2 diabetes.
Diet-induced cellular neuroinflammation in the hypothalamus: Mechanistic insights from investigation of neurons and microglia.
GLP-1 analogue improves hepatic lipid accumulation by inducing autophagy via AMPK/mTOR pathway.
Pathophysiology of metabolic syndrome: The onset of natural recovery on withdrawal of a high-carbohydrate, high-fat diet.
Changes in the Fracture Resistance of Bone with the Progression of Type 2 Diabetes in the ZDSD Rat.
Loss of BMP receptor type 1A in murine adipose tissue attenuates age-related onset of insulin resistance.
[Anti-obesogenic effect of apple cider vinegar in rats subjected to a high fat diet].
Importance of detoxifying enzymes in differentiating fibrotic development between SHRSP5/Dmcr and SHRSP rats.
Beta vulgaris subspecies cicla var. flavescens (Swiss chard): flavonoids, hepatoprotective and hypolipidemic activities.
Early postnatal treatment with soluble epoxide hydrolase inhibitor or 15-deoxy-Δ(12,14)-prostagandin J2 prevents prenatal dexamethasone and postnatal high saturated fat diet induced programmed hypertension in adult rat offspring.
Irisin Inhibits Hepatic Cholesterol Synthesis via AMPK-SREBP2 Signaling.
Osteoarthritis, obesity and type 2 diabetes: The weight of waist circumference.
Macrophages Play a Key Role in the Obesity-Induced Periodontal Innate Immune Dysfunction via Nucleotide-Binding Oligomerization Domain-Like Receptor Protein 3 Pathway.
Effect of high-fat diets on mood and learning performance in adolescent mice.
The Protective Effect of Beraprost Sodium on Diabetic Nephropathy by Inhibiting Inflammation and p38 MAPK Signaling Pathway in High-Fat Diet/Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Rats.
A Large Animal Survival Model to Evaluate Bariatric Surgery Mechanisms.
Apigenin Ameliorates Dyslipidemia, Hepatic Steatosis and Insulin Resistance by Modulating Metabolic and Transcriptional Profiles in the Liver of High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
The Role of Avocados in Complementary and Transitional Feeding.
Antiobesity efficacy of GLP-1 receptor agonist liraglutide is associated with peripheral tissue-specific modulation of lipid metabolic regulators.
Lycopene Improves Diet-Mediated Recuperation in Rat Model of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Role of intrahepatic B cells in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease by secreting pro-inflammatory cytokines and regulating intrahepatic T cells.
A short-term high fat diet increases exposure to midazolam and omeprazole in healthy subjects.
Fat deposition pattern and mechanism in response to dietary lipid levels in grass carp, Ctenopharyngodon idellus.
Association Between Aerobic Exercise and Rosiglitazone Avoided the NAFLD and Liver Inflammation Exacerbated in PPAR-α Knockout Mice.
Effect of dietary vegetable oils on the fatty acid profile of plasma lipoproteins in dairy cows.
Germinated brown rice ameliorates obesity in high-fat diet induced obese rats.
Adiponectin mediates the additive effects of combining daily exercise with caloric restriction for treatment of non-alcoholic fatty liver.
Nutrition has a pervasive impact on cardiac microRNA expression in isogenic mice.
Rice bran proteins and their hydrolysates modulate cholesterol metabolism in mice on hypercholesterolemic diets.
DNA CpG Methylation (5-Methylcytosine) and Its Derivative (5-Hydroxymethylcytosine) Alter Histone Posttranslational Modifications at the Pomc Promoter, Affecting the Impact of Perinatal Diet on Leanness and Obesity of the Offspring.
Overexpressing IRS1 in Endothelial Cells Enhances Angioblast Differentiation and Wound Healing in Diabetes and Insulin Resistance.
Steatotic livers are susceptible to normothermic ischemia-reperfusion injury from mitochondrial Complex-I dysfunction.
Serum amyloid A1 levels and amyloid deposition following a high-fat diet challenge in transgenic mice overexpressing hepatic serum amyloid A1.
An observational study to examine changes in metabolic syndrome components in patients with breast cancer receiving neoadjuvant or adjuvant chemotherapy.
Curcumin inhibits lipolysis via suppression of ER stress in adipose tissue and prevents hepatic insulin resistance.
[Influence of tert-butylhydroquinone on the islets function and expression of HO-1 and VEGF in retina of type 2 diabetic rats].
A novel hepatokine, HFREP1, plays a crucial role in the development of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes.
MiR-206 is expressed in pancreatic islets and regulates glucokinase activity.
Nutrition and the circadian system.
Osteopontin affects macrophage polarization promoting endocytic but not inflammatory properties.
Impact of Interactions Between Self-Reported Psychological Stress and Habitual Exercise on the Dietary Intake of Japanese Men and Women: a Large-Scale Cross-Sectional Study.
[Analysis of the nutritional status and body composition of persons with intellectual disability].
Fasting during the suckling-weaning transient period of rats induces inflammatory gene expression in the adipose tissue and peripheral leukocytes.
Personal behaviors including food consumption and mineral supplement use among Japanese adults: a secondary analysis from the National Health and Nutrition Survey, 2003-2010.
Stress-activated <i>miR-21/miR-21*</i> in hepatocytes promotes lipid and glucose metabolic disorders associated with high-fat diet consumption.
Impact of a High-Fat or High-Fiber Diet on Intestinal Microbiota and Metabolic Markers in a Pig Model.
Effects of Dietary Fibre (Pectin) and/or Increased Protein (Casein or Pea) on Satiety, Body Weight, Adiposity and Caecal Fermentation in High Fat Diet-Induced Obese Rats.
Protective Effect of Guggulipid in High Fat Diet and Middle Cerebral Artery Occlusion (MCAO) Induced Ischemic Cerebral Injury in Rats.
Modulation of T Cell Activation in Obesity.
An LC-MRM method for measuring intestinal triglyceride assembly using an oral stable isotope-labeled fat challenge.
High dietary fructose does not exacerbate the detrimental consequences of high fat diet on basilar artery function.
κ-Opioid Receptor Stimulation Improves Endothelial Function via Akt-stimulated NO Production in Hyperlipidemic Rats.
Protein Kinase Mitogen-activated Protein Kinase Kinase Kinase Kinase 4 (MAP4K4) Promotes Obesity-induced Hyperinsulinemia.
Fat-water MRI of a diet-induced obesity mouse model at 15.2T.
Functions of Prdm16 in thermogenic fat cells.
The onset of daily torpor is regulated by the same low body mass in lean mice and in mice with diet-induced obesity.
Contribution of Cyclooxygenase End Products and Oxidative Stress to Intrahepatic Endothelial Dysfunction in Early Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Adipocyte-specific overexpression of retinol-binding protein 4 causes hepatic steatosis in mice.
Bacterial Lipopolysaccharide, Lipopolysaccharide-Binding Protein, and Other Inflammatory Markers in Obesity and After Bariatric Surgery.
Impaired macrophage autophagy induces systemic insulin resistance in obesity.
Nicotinamide Riboside Opposes Type 2 Diabetes and Neuropathy in Mice.
JNK1 ablation in mice confers long-term metabolic protection from diet-induced obesity at the cost of moderate skin oxidative damage.
Thermoneutrality decreases thermogenic program and promotes adiposity in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Active Lactobacillus rhamnosus LA68 or Lactobacillus plantarum WCFS1 administration positively influences liver fatty acid composition in mice on a HFD regime.
Higher Dietary Energy Density is Associated with Stunting but not Overweight and Obesity in a Sample of Urban Malaysian Children.
Ethanolic Extract of Acanthopanax koreanum Nakai Alleviates Alcoholic Liver Damage Combined with a High-Fat Diet in C57BL/6J Mice.
Polyunsaturated fats, carbohydrates and carotid disease: The Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Carotid MRI study.
Endothelial FoxO proteins impair insulin sensitivity and restrain muscle angiogenesis in response to a high-fat diet.
Effects of berberine on the growth and immune performance in response to ammonia stress and high-fat dietary in blunt snout bream Megalobrama amblycephala.
Effects of dietary crude protein and rumen-degradable protein concentrations on urea recycling, nitrogen balance, omasal nutrient flow, and milk production in dairy cows.
TRAF3IP2 mediates atherosclerotic plaque development and vulnerability in ApoE(-/-) mice.
Nutrient intake and cerebral metabolism in healthy middle-aged adults: Implications for cognitive aging.
Theaflavin Synthesized in a Selective, Domino-Type, One-Pot Enzymatic Biotransformation Method with Camellia sinensis Cell Culture Inhibits Weight Gain and Fat Accumulation to High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Sarcolipin and uncoupling protein 1 play distinct roles in diet-induced thermogenesis and do not compensate for one another.
Evaluation of blood pressure and aortic elasticity of offspring of diabetic Wistar rats who have consumed flaxseed oil during pregnancy and lactation.
Rutin Attenuates Hepatotoxicity in High-Cholesterol-Diet-Fed Rats.
8-Hydroxyeicosapentaenoic Acid Decreases Plasma and Hepatic Triglycerides via Activation of Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor Alpha in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
mTOR inhibition by rapamycin increases ceramide synthesis by promoting transforming growth factor-β1/Smad signaling in the skin.
C/EBP homologous protein modulates liraglutide-mediated attenuation of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Dietary fat overcomes the protective activity of thrombospondin-1 signaling in the Apc(Min/+) model of colon cancer.
Plaque stabilizing effects of apolipoprotein A-IV.
Elevation of Fasting Ghrelin in Healthy Human Subjects Consuming a High-Salt Diet: A Novel Mechanism of Obesity?
Obesogen effects after perinatal exposure of 4,4'-sulfonyldiphenol (Bisphenol S) in C57BL/6 mice.
Curcumin inhibits hyperlipidemia and hepatic fat accumulation in high-fructose-fed male Wistar rats.
Deficiency in the anti-aging gene Klotho promotes aortic valve fibrosis through AMPKα-mediated activation of RUNX2.
Dietary supplementation with fish oil prevents high fat diet-induced enhancement of sensitivity to the locomotor stimulating effects of cocaine in adolescent female rats.
The Mechanism by Which Safflower Yellow Decreases Body Fat Mass and Improves Insulin Sensitivity in HFD-Induced Obese Mice.
Mitochondrial Ultrastructure and Glucose Signaling Pathways Attributed to the Kv1.3 Ion Channel.
Antcin K, a Triterpenoid Compound from Antrodia camphorata, Displays Antidiabetic and Antihyperlipidemic Effects via Glucose Transporter 4 and AMP-Activated Protein Kinase Phosphorylation in Muscles.
A high-fat, high-glycaemic index, low-fibre dietary pattern is prospectively associated with type 2 diabetes in a British birth cohort.
The effects of paternal high-fat diet exposure on offspring metabolism with epigenetic changes in the mouse adiponectin and leptin gene promoters.
Hepatocyte vitamin D receptor regulates lipid metabolism and mediates experimental diet-induced steatosis.
Characterization of Colorectal Cancer Development in Apc (min/+) Mice.
Study of the pathogenesis and treatment of diabetes mellitus through animal models.
Supplementing dietary sugar promotes endoplasmic reticulum stress-independent insulin resistance and fatty liver in goose.
Adipocyte insulin receptor activity maintains adipose tissue mass and lifespan.
β-Lapachone Prevents Diet-Induced Obesity by Increasing Energy Expenditure and Stimulating the Browning of White Adipose Tissue via Downregulation of miR-382 Expression.
Nitric Oxide Produced by Macrophages Inhibits Adipocyte Differentiation and Promotes Profibrogenic Responses in Preadipocytes to Induce Adipose Tissue Fibrosis.
Effects of dietary carbohydrate on hepatic de novo lipogenesis in European seabass (Dicentrarchus labrax L.).
The Pathogenesis of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: Interplay between Diet, Gut Microbiota, and Genetic Background.
Development of dietary pattern evaluation tool for adults and correlation with Dietary Quality Index.
Metformin ameliorates podocyte damage by restoring renal tissue nephrin expression in type 2 diabetic rats.
Development of a Representative Mouse Model with Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis.
Trans-Fatty Acids Aggravate Obesity, Insulin Resistance and Hepatic Steatosis in C57BL/6 Mice, Possibly by Suppressing the IRS1 Dependent Pathway.
SIRT6 protects against endothelial dysfunction and atherosclerosis in mice.
Swimming intervention mitigates HFD-induced obesity of rats through PGC-1α-irisin pathway.
Feedback modulation of cholesterol metabolism by the lipid-responsive non-coding RNA LeXis.
Mediterranean Diet and cancer risk: an open issue.
Sexually dimorphic myeloid inflammatory and metabolic responses to diet-induced obesity.
An Accessible and Pragmatic Experimental Model of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
A20 prevents chronic liver inflammation and cancer by protecting hepatocytes from death.
Interleukin 6 modulates PPARα and PGC-1α and is involved in high-fat diet induced cardiac lipotoxicity in mouse.
Dyslipidemia, Diet and Physical Exercise in Children on Treatment With Antiretroviral Medication in El Salvador: A Cross-sectional Study.
Dopamine pathway imbalance in mice lacking Magel2, a Prader-Willi syndrome candidate gene.
ADAMTS5 deficiency protects against non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in obesity.
The effect of combined inositol supplementation on maternal metabolic profile in pregnancies complicated by metabolic syndrome and obesity.
RNA-binding protein CUGBP1 regulates insulin secretion via activation of phosphodiesterase 3B in mice.
Myricetin protects against diet-induced obesity and ameliorates oxidative stress in C57BL/6 mice.
Hypolipidemic and antioxidant effects of ethanol extract of Cassia fistula fruit in hyperlipidemic mice.
Raptor/mTORC1 loss in adipocytes causes progressive lipodystrophy and fatty liver disease.
Vitamin D3: A Role in Dopamine Circuit Regulation, Diet-Induced Obesity, and Drug Consumption.
MicroRNA-27 Prevents Atherosclerosis by Suppressing Lipoprotein Lipase-Induced Lipid Accumulation and Inflammatory Response in Apolipoprotein E Knockout Mice.
Long-Term Impacts of Foetal Malnutrition Followed by Early Postnatal Obesity on Fat Distribution Pattern and Metabolic Adaptability in Adult Sheep.
Deteriorated high-fat diet-induced diabetes caused by pancreatic β-cell-specific overexpression of Reg3β gene in mice.
Juniperus rigida Sieb. extract inhibits inflammatory responses via attenuation of TRIF-dependent signaling and inflammasome activation.
Cardioprotective effects of lipoic acid, quercetin and resveratrol on oxidative stress related to thyroid hormone alterations in long-term obesity.
Amelioration of obesity-associated inflammation and insulin resistance in c57bl/6 mice via macrophage polarization by fish oil supplementation.
Individual differences in saccharin acceptance predict rats' food intake.
A diet-induced animal model of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and hepatocellular cancer.
The inhibiting effect of the Coptis chinensis polysaccharide on the type II diabetic mice.
Pterostilbene, a novel natural plant conduct, inhibits high fat-induced atherosclerosis inflammation via NF-κB signaling pathway in Toll-like receptor 5 (TLR5) deficient mice.
Activation of proteinase 3 contributes to Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) and insulin resistance.
Effects of feeding a diet containing Gymnema sylvestre extract: Attenuating progression of obesity in C57BL/6J mice.
High fat diet enriched with saturated, but not monounsaturated fatty acids adversely affects femur, and both diets increase calcium absorption in older female mice.
Mulberry ethanol extract attenuates hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Impact of high-fat diet on liver genes expression profiles in mice model of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
[Effect of Electroacupunctrue on ERp57 in NAFLD Rats].
International variability in diet and requirements of manganese: Causes and consequences.
Western-style diet, sex steroids and metabolism.
Changes in fermentation and biohydrogenation intermediates in continuous cultures fed low and high levels of fat with increasing rates of starch degradability.
Effects of 3 sequestering agents on milk aflatoxin M1 concentration and the performance and immune status of dairy cows fed diets artificially contaminated with aflatoxin B1.
An isoflavone cladrin prevents high-fat diet-induced bone loss and inhibits the expression of adipogenic gene regulators in 3T3-L1 adipocyte.
Study of retinal alterations in a high fat diet-induced type ii diabetes rodent: Meriones shawi.
Hepatoprotective Effects of Soybean Embryo by Enhancing Adiponectin-Mediated AMP-Activated Protein Kinase α Pathway in High-Fat and High-Cholesterol Diet-Induced Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Lipocalin-2 mediates non-alcoholic steatohepatitis by promoting neutrophil-macrophage crosstalk via the induction of CXCR2.
Detection of differentially expressed candidate genes for a fatty liver QTL on mouse chromosome 12.
High fat Mediterranean diet is not linked to greater weight gain than low fat diet.
Metabolomics Insights into the Modulatory Effects of Long-Term Low Calorie Intake in Mice.
Reduced rat plasma lysophosphatidylglycerol or lysophosphatidic acid level as a biomarker of aristolochic acid-induced renal and adipose dysfunctions.
High fat diet augments amphetamine sensitization in mice: Role of feeding pattern, obesity, and dopamine terminal changes.
Inhibition of 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 ameliorates obesity-related insulin resistance.
Novel substituted isoxazole FXR agonists with cyclopropyl, hydroxycyclobutyl and hydroxyazetidinyl linkers: Understanding and improving key determinants of pharmacological properties.
Mediterranean diet adherence and body composition among Southern Italian adolescents.
Sodium butyrate reduces insulin-resistance, fat accumulation and dyslipidemia in type-2 diabetic rat: A comparative study with metformin.
Multifunctional in vivo imaging of pancreatic islets during diabetes development.
Chemical chaperones reduce ER stress and adipose tissue inflammation in high fat diet-induced mouse model of obesity.
Vitamin D Supplementation Reduces Intimal Hyperplasia and Restenosis following Coronary Intervention in Atherosclerotic Swine.
Left ventricular function during porcine-resuscitated septic shock with pre-existing atherosclerosis.
Oxidized tea polyphenols prevent lipid accumulation in liver and visceral white adipose tissue in rats.
A retinoic acid receptor β2 agonist reduces hepatic stellate cell activation in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Dehydroeburicoic Acid from Antrodia camphorata Prevents the Diabetic and Dyslipidemic State via Modulation of Glucose Transporter 4, Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor α Expression and AMP-Activated Protein Kinase Phosphorylation in High-Fat-Fed Mice.
The Putative SLC Transporters Mfsd5 and Mfsd11 Are Abundantly Expressed in the Mouse Brain and Have a Potential Role in Energy Homeostasis.
Postnatal high-fat diet leads to spatial deficit, obesity, and central and peripheral inflammation in prenatal dexamethasone adult offspring rats.
Reversing diet-induced metabolic dysregulation by diet switching leads to altered hepatic de novo lipogenesis and glycerolipid synthesis.
Effect of pre- and post-partum supplementation with lipid-encapsulated conjugated linoleic acid on milk yield and metabolic status in multiparous high-producing dairy cows.
Obese mice on a high-fat alternate-day fasting regimen lose weight and improve glucose tolerance.
Salvianolic acid A improves intestinal motility in diabetic rats through antioxidant capacity and upregulation of nNOS.
Dysregulated hepatic bile acids collaboratively promote liver carcinogenesis.
High-fat diet-induced hypertension and autonomic imbalance are associated with an upregulation of CART in the dorsomedial hypothalamus of mice.
Effect of high-intensity exercise and high-fat diet on lipid metabolism in the liver of rats.
Serum levels of appetite-regulating hormones and pro-inflammatory cytokines are ameliorated by a CLA diet and endurance exercise in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Liver Injury Assessment by Vetscan VS2 Analyzer and Most Frequently Used ALT/GTP Reagent.
Serum TNF-α, GTH and MDA of high-fat diet-induced obesity and obesity resistant rats.
Nutrient Intakes in Early Life and Risk of Obesity.
Effects of Long-Term Alpha-mangostin Supplementation on Hyperglycemia and Insulin Resistance in Type 2 Diabetic Rats Induced by High Fat Diet and Low Dose Streptozotocin.
Maternal Obesity Promotes Diabetic Nephropathy in Rodent Offspring.
The effect of high protein diet and exercise on irisin, eNOS, and iNOS expressions in kidney.
Patient preparation for cardiac fluorine-18 fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography imaging of inflammation.
Vending Machines of Food and Beverages and Nutritional Profile of their Products at Schools in Madrid, Spain, 2014-2015.
Impact of macronutrient composition and palatability in wet diets on food selection in cats.
Transport of fatty acids within plasma lipoproteins in lactating and non-lactating cows fed on fish oil and hydrogenated palm oil.
Acetate mediates a microbiome-brain-β-cell axis to promote metabolic syndrome.
Tracheal overexpression of IL-1β, IRAK-1 and TRAF-6 mRNA in obese-asthmatic male Wistar rats.
VNN1 promotes atherosclerosis progression in apoE-/- mice fed a high-fat/high-cholesterol diet.
Diet and Physical Activity for Cardiovascular Disease Prevention.
High wholegrain barley β-glucan lowers food intake but does not alter small intestinal macronutrient digestibility in ileorectostomised rats.
A novel anticancer agent icaritin inhibited proinflammatory cytokines in TRAMP mice.
Obesity development in neuron-specific lipoprotein lipase deficient mice is not responsive to increased dietary fat content or change in fat composition.
Erratum: Phosphoprotein network analysis of white adipose tissues unveils deregulated pathways in response to high-fat diet.
Diabetic cornea wounds produce significantly weaker electric signals that may contribute to impaired healing.
Effect of a high-fat Mediterranean diet on bodyweight and waist circumference: a prespecified secondary outcomes analysis of the PREDIMED randomised controlled trial.
NOV/CCN3: A New Adipocytokine Involved in Obesity-Associated Insulin Resistance.
Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenase Deficiency Improves Insulin Resistance With Reduced Adipose Tissue Inflammation in Obesity.
Adipocyte-Specific Deletion of Manganese Superoxide Dismutase Protects From Diet-Induced Obesity Through Increased Mitochondrial Uncoupling and Biogenesis.
Targeted Expression of Catalase to Mitochondria Protects Against Ischemic Myopathy in High-Fat Diet-Fed Mice.
Skeletal muscle insulin resistance in hamsters with diabetes developed from obesity is involved in abnormal skeletal muscle LXR, PPAR and SREBP expression.
Therapeutic effects of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 on diabetes-induced liver complications in a rat model.
High-intensity interval training (swimming) significantly improves the adverse metabolism and comorbidities in diet-induced obese mice.
High saturated fat diet in teenage years raises breast cancer risk later.
TRPV1 Gene Polymorphisms Are Associated with Type 2 Diabetes by Their Interaction with Fat Consumption in the Korean Genome Epidemiology Study.
Metformin increases hepatic leptin receptor and decreases steatosis in mice.
Gut microbiota are linked to increased susceptibility to hepatic steatosis in low-aerobic-capacity rats fed an acute high-fat diet.
High-fat diet-induced obesity alters nitric oxide-mediated neuromuscular transmission and smooth muscle excitability in the mouse distal colon.
Anti-amnesic effect of Dendropanax morbifera via JNK signaling pathway on cognitive dysfunction in high-fat diet-induced diabetic mice.
Caloric Restriction Normalizes Obesity-Induced Alterations on Regulators of Skeletal Muscle Growth Signaling.
Epigenetic modification of miR-10a regulates renal damage by targeting CREB1 in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
BMP-TAK1 (MAP3K7) Induces Adipocyte Differentiation Through PPARγ Signaling.
Intervention of pumpkin seed oil on metabolic disease revealed by metabonomics and transcript profile.
Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 inhibits adipose tissue inflammation and intestinal permeability in mice fed a high-fat diet.
The effect of feeding high fat diet to beef cattle on manure composition and gaseous emission from a feedlot pen surface.
Lack of fibroblast growth factor 21 accelerates metabolic liver injury characterized by steatohepatities in mice.
Nutrigenomics and Beef Quality: A Review about Lipogenesis.
Development of a novel mouse model of hepatocellular carcinoma with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis using a high-fat, choline-deficient diet and intraperitoneal injection of diethylnitrosamine.
Telmisartan Ameliorates Nephropathy in Metabolic Syndrome by Reducing Leptin Release From Perirenal Adipose Tissue.
Origin of Aberrant Blood Pressure and Sympathetic Regulation in Diet-Induced Obesity.
Pester power and its consequences: do European children's food purchasing requests relate to diet and weight outcomes?
Fenofibrate improves high-fat diet-induced and palmitate-induced endoplasmic reticulum stress and inflammation in skeletal muscle.
Bax Inhibitor-1 regulates hepatic lipid accumulation via ApoB secretion.
CORonary Diet Intervention with Olive oil and cardiovascular PREVention study (the CORDIOPREV study): Rationale, methods, and baseline characteristics: A clinical trial comparing the efficacy of a Mediterranean diet rich in olive oil versus a low-fat diet on cardiovascular disease in coronary patients.
Pharmacological profiles of gemigliptin (LC15-0444), a novel dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor, in vitro and in vivo.
Apoptosis induced by a low-carbohydrate and high-protein diet in rat livers.
Impact of eight weeks endurance training on biochemical parameters and obesity-induced oxidative stress in high fat diet-fed rats.
Effects of exercise and L-arginine intake on inflammation in aorta of high-fat diet induced obese rats.
Butyrylcholinesterase Deficiency Promotes Adipose Tissue Growth and Hepatic Lipid Accumulation in Male Mice on High-Fat Diet.
Diet-induced obesity alters dural CGRP release and potentiates TRPA1-mediated trigeminovascular responses.
Receptor interacting protein 3 protects mice from high-fat diet-induced liver injury.
CREBH-FGF21 axis improves hepatic steatosis by suppressing adipose tissue lipolysis.
Meats, milk and fat consumption in colorectal cancer.
Korean traditional Chungkookjang improves body composition, lipid profiles and atherogenic indices in overweight/obese subjects: a double-blind, randomized, crossover, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
Normocaloric Diet Restores Weight Gain and Insulin Sensitivity in Obese Mice.
Altered Microbiota Contributes to Reduced Diet-Induced Obesity upon Cold Exposure.
Deletion of miR-150 Exacerbates Retinal Vascular Overgrowth in High-Fat-Diet Induced Diabetic Mice.
Intravenous Administration of Multiwalled Carbon Nanotubes Aggravates High-Fat Diet-Induced Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis in Sprague Dawley Rats.
Enhanced M2 macrophage polarization in high n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid transgenic mice fed a high-fat diet.
The effects of the combination of egg and fiber on appetite, glycemic response and food intake in normal weight adults - a randomized, controlled, crossover trial.
Postprandial Inflammatory Responses and Free Fatty Acids in Plasma of Adults Who Consumed a Moderately High-Fat Breakfast with and without Blueberry Powder in a Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial.
Vitamin D status in young Swedish women with anorexia nervosa during intensive weight gain therapy.
Evaluation of Apoptosis with 99mTc-rhAnnexin V-128 and Inflammation with 18F-FDG in a Low-Dose Irradiation Model of Atherosclerosis in Apolipoprotein E-Deficient Mice.
EPA prevents fat mass expansion and metabolic disturbances in mice fed with a Western diet.
Sanguisorba officinalis L. Extracts Exert Antiobesity Effects in 3T3-L1 Adipocytes and C57BL/6J Mice Fed High-Fat Diets.
Perceived stress and dietary choices: The moderating role of stress management.
Short-Term Hypocaloric High-Fiber and High-Protein Diet Improves Hepatic Steatosis Assessed by Controlled Attenuation Parameter.
Problems with the 2015 Dietary Guidelines for Americans: An Alternative.
Early High-Fat Feeding Induces Alteration of Trace Element Content in Tissues of Juvenile Male Wistar Rats.
Postprandial control of fatty acid transport proteins' subcellular location is not dependent on insulin.
NF-E2-related factor 2 deletion facilitates hepatic fatty acids metabolism disorder induced by high-fat diet via regulating related genes in mice.
Diet-induced obesity prolongs neuroinflammation and recruits CCR2(+) monocytes to the brain following herpes simplex virus (HSV)-1 latency in mice.
IL-17A synergistically enhances TNFα-induced IL-6 and CCL20 production in 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
Dietary long-chain unsaturated fatty acids acutely and differently reduce the activities of lipogenic enzymes and of citrate carrier in rat liver.
MDG-1, an Ophiopogon polysaccharide, alleviates hyperlipidemia in mice based on metabolic profile of bile acids.
Wheat alkylresorcinols reduce micellar solubility of cholesterol in vitro and increase cholesterol excretion in mice.
Decreased Plasma Aβ in Hyperlipidemic APPSL Transgenic Mice Is Associated with BBB Dysfunction.
Hataedock Treatment Has Preventive Therapeutic Effects in Atopic Dermatitis-Induced NC/Nga Mice under High-Fat Diet Conditions.
Extract of Sesbania grandiflora Ameliorates Hyperglycemia in High Fat Diet-Streptozotocin Induced Experimental Diabetes Mellitus.
Molecular Properties of Guar Gum and Pectin Modify Cecal Bile Acids, Microbiota, and Plasma Lipopolysaccharide-Binding Protein in Rats.
Effect of Carrageenan on Physicochemical and Functional Properties of Low-Fat Colby Cheese.
Microbial Reconstitution Reverses Maternal Diet-Induced Social and Synaptic Deficits in Offspring.
Deletion of Nrf2 leads to hepatic insulin resistance via the activation of NF-κB in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Proatherosclerotic Effect of the α1-Subunit of Soluble Guanylyl Cyclase by Promoting Smooth Muscle Phenotypic Switching.
Chronic treatment with resveratrol improves overactive bladder in obese mice via antioxidant activity.
Sirt1 decreased adipose inflammation by interacting with Akt2 and inhibiting mTOR/S6K1 pathway in mice.
The influence of peri-conception and first trimester dietary restriction of protein in cattle on meat quality traits of entire male progeny.
Critical role for cytosolic group IVA phospholipase A2 in early adipocyte differentiation and obesity.
Comparison of Gene Expression Patterns Between Mouse Models of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and Liver Tissues From Patients.
Short Exposure to a High-Sucrose Diet and the First 'Hit' of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Mice.
A single injection of gain-of-function mutant PCSK9 adeno-associated virus vector induces cardiovascular calcification in mice with no genetic modification.
The Adipose Tissue Microenvironment Regulates Depot-Specific Adipogenesis in Obesity.
Precalving and early lactation factors that predict milk casein and fertility in the transition dairy cow.
[Effect of polydatin on miR-214 expression and liver function in ApoE-/- mice].
Favorable outcomes of hydroxychloroquine in insulin resistance may be accomplished by adjustment of the endothelial dysfunction as well as the skewed balance of adipokines.
Maternal Metabolic Syndrome Programs Mitochondrial Dysfunction via Germline Changes across Three Generations.
Chlorella Protein Hydrolysate Attenuates Glucose Metabolic Disorder and Fatty Liver in High-fat Diet-induced Obese Mice.
Effects of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease on Hepatic CYP2B1 and in Vivo Bupropion Disposition in Rats Fed a High-Fat or Methionine/Choline-Deficient Diet.
Reduced Insulin Receptor Expression Enhances Proximal Tubule Gluconeogenesis.
Fermented Red Ginseng Potentiates Improvement of Metabolic Dysfunction in Metabolic Syndrome Rat Models.
Analysis of the correlation between lipotoxicity and pituitary-thyroid axis hormone levels in men and male rats.
Role of Inflammatory Signaling in the Differential Effects of Saturated and Poly-unsaturated Fatty Acids on Peripheral Circadian Clocks.
Mass Spectrometry Imaging Reveals Elevated Glomerular ATP/AMP in Diabetes/obesity and Identifies Sphingomyelin as a Possible Mediator.
Low-Density Lipoprotein Receptor-Related Protein-1 Protects Against Hepatic Insulin Resistance and Hepatic Steatosis.
Pycnogenol Reduces Toll-Like Receptor 4 Signaling Pathway-Mediated Atherosclerosis Formation in Apolipoprotein E-Deficient Mice.
[Effect of Compound Zhajin Granule on Toll-like Receptor 4 Signaling Pathway in Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis Mice].
The necroptosis-inducing kinase RIPK3 dampens adipose tissue inflammation and glucose intolerance.
Single-nucleotide polymorphisms of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ are associated with systemic lupus erythematosus in a Chinese Han population.
Polygonatum stenophyllum improves menopausal obesity via regulation of lipolysis-related enzymes.
Calcium reduces vitamin D and glucocorticoid receptors in the visceral fat of obese male rats.
A PPARγ-Bnip3 Axis Couples Adipose Mitochondrial Fusion-Fission Balance to Systemic Insulin Sensitivity.
Obese diet-induced mouse models of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis-tracking disease by liver biopsy.
The efficacy of the ketogenic diet on motor functions in Parkinson's disease: A rat model.
Identification, expression and variation of the GNPDA2 gene, and its association with body weight and fatness traits in chicken.
Estrogen and DPP4 inhibitor, but not metformin, exert cardioprotection via attenuating cardiac mitochondrial dysfunction in obese insulin-resistant and estrogen-deprived female rats.
Maternal obesity leads to increased proliferation and numbers of astrocytes in the developing fetal and neonatal mouse hypothalamus.
Female sex and obesity increase photophobic behavior in mice.
Neil3-dependent base excision repair regulates lipid metabolism and prevents atherosclerosis in Apoe-deficient mice.
Adipocyte-specific CD1d-deficiency mitigates diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance in mice.
Purple sweet potato anthocyanin attenuates fat-induced mortality in Drosophila melanogaster.
αB-crystallin and HspB2 deficiency is protective from diet-induced glucose intolerance.
Beneficial effect of feeding a ketogenic diet to mothers on brain development in their progeny with a murine model of pyruvate dehydrogenase complex deficiency.
Standardized Boesenbergia pandurata Extract Stimulates Exercise Endurance Through Increasing Mitochondrial Biogenesis.
Different Effects of Eicosapentaenoic and Docosahexaenoic Acids on Atherogenic High-Fat Diet-Induced Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Mice.
Chronic IL-6 Administration Desensitizes IL-6 Response in Liver, Causes Hyperleptinemia and Aggravates Steatosis in Diet-Induced-Obese Mice.
Experimental support for the effects of a probiotic/digestive enzyme supplement on serum cholesterol concentrations and the intestinal microbiome.
A slope-ratio precision-fed rooster assay for determination of relative metabolizable energy values for fats and oils.
Annexin A6 protein is downregulated in human hepatocellular carcinoma.
Exercise. Eat. Repeat. Focus on 'Prior exercise training blunts short-term high-fat diet-induced weight gain'.
Juvenile exposure to a high fat diet promotes behavioral and limbic alterations in the absence of obesity.
Effect of Dietary Omega-3 Fatty Acids on Tumor-Associated Macrophages and Prostate Cancer Progression.
A High Diet Quality Based on Dietary Recommendations Is Not Associated with Lower Incidence of Type 2 Diabetes in the Malmö Diet and Cancer Cohort.
Alcohol modulates autophagy and apoptosis in pig liver tissue.
Dicarbonyl stress in clinical obesity.
Cell type-specific deletion in mice reveals roles for PAS kinase in insulin and glucagon production.
Regulatory Alterations of Energy Homeostasis in Spontaneously Hypertensive Rats (SHR).
A novel plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 inhibitor, TM5441, protects against high-fat diet-induced obesity and adipocyte injury in mice.
Activation of bile acid signaling improves metabolic phenotypes in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Daily leptin blunts marrow fat but does not impact bone mass in calorie-restricted mice.
Antiatherogenic Effect of Camellia japonica Fruit Extract in High Fat Diet-Fed Rats.
Gut Endotoxin Leading to a Decline IN Gonadal function (GELDING) - a novel theory for the development of late onset hypogonadism in obese men.
Athletes: Fit but Unhealthy?
Anti-atherosclerotic effects of serelaxin in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice.
The influence of anesthesia and fluid-structure interaction on simulated shear stress patterns in the carotid bifurcation of mice.
Loss of Junctional Adhesion Molecule A Promotes Severe Steatohepatitis in Mice on a Diet High in Saturated Fat, Fructose, and Cholesterol.
Anti-inflammatory effects of sucrose-derived oligosaccharides produced by a constitutive mutant L. mesenteroides B-512FMCM dextransucrase in high fat diet-fed mice.
Enhanced Steatosis and Fibrosis in Liver of Adult Offspring Exposed to Maternal High-Fat Diet.
The high-fat diet induces myocardial fibrosis in the metabolically healthy obese minipigs-The role of ER stress and oxidative stress.
Perinatal maternal high-fat diet promotes alterations in hepatic lipid metabolism and resistance to the hypolipidemic effect of fish oil in adolescent rat offspring.
Cereblon in health and disease.
MetaPro-IQ: a universal metaproteomic approach to studying human and mouse gut microbiota.
Metformin and resveratrol ameliorate muscle insulin resistance through preventing lipolysis and inflammation in hypoxic adipose tissue.
(S)YS-51, a novel isoquinoline alkaloid, attenuates obesity-associated non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mice by suppressing lipogenesis, inflammation and coagulation.
Structural characterization and hypolipidemic effect of Cyclocarya paliurus polysaccharide in rat.
Detrimental effects of a high fat/high cholesterol diet on memory and hippocampal markers in aged rats.
Therapy with resveratrol attenuates obesity-associated allergic airway inflammation in mice.
Lipopolysaccharide-binding protein is a negative regulator of adipose tissue browning in mice and humans.
Exogenous supplement of N-acetylneuraminic acid ameliorates atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice.
Endogenous and dietary lipids influencing feed intake and energy metabolism of periparturient dairy cows.
New insights into salvianolic acid A action: Regulation of the TXNIP/NLRP3 and TXNIP/ChREBP pathways ameliorates HFD-induced NAFLD in rats.
Dietary intakes and anthropometric measures of Indigenous Australian women and their infants in the Gomeroi gaaynggal cohort.
Probucol inhibits LPS-induced microglia activation and ameliorates brain ischemic injury in normal and hyperlipidemic mice.
Sarcolipin knockout mice fed a high-fat diet exhibit altered indices of adipose tissue inflammation and remodeling.
Zinc deficiency exacerbates while zinc supplement attenuates cardiac hypertrophy in high-fat diet-induced obese mice through modulating p38 MAPK-dependent signaling.
Potential fat-lowering and prebiotic effects of enzymatically treated okara in high-cholesterol-fed Wistar rats.
Supplementation with antioxidant-rich extra virgin olive oil prevents hepatic oxidative stress and reduction of desaturation capacity in mice fed a high-fat diet: Effects on fatty acid composition in liver and extrahepatic tissues.
Candesartan cilexetil prevents diet-induced insulin resistance via peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ activation in an obese rat model.
<i>Zingiber mioga</i> reduces weight gain, insulin resistance and hepatic gluconeogenesis in diet-induced obese mice.
The effect of polyene phosphatidyl choline intervention on nonalcoholic steatohepatitis and related mechanism.
Hierarchical clusters in families with type 2 diabetes.
Associations between Respiratory Diseases and Dietary Patterns Derived by Factor Analysis and Reduced Rank Regression.
Eicosapentaenoic acid ameliorates hyperglycemia in high-fat diet-sensitive diabetes mice in conjunction with restoration of hypoadiponectinemia.
Water-Soluble Components of Sesame Oil Reduce Inflammation and Atherosclerosis.
Retrospectively gated MRI for in vivo assessment of endothelium-dependent vasodilatation and endothelial permeability in murine models of endothelial dysfunction.
Protective potential of epigallocatechin-3-gallate against benign prostatic hyperplasia in metabolic syndrome rats.
Effectiveness of feline body mass index (fBMI) as new diagnostic tool for obesity.
Effects of the new thiazolidine derivative LPSF/GQ-02 on hepatic lipid metabolism pathways in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD).
Beneficial effects of voglibose administration on body weight and lipid metabolism via gastrointestinal bile acid modification.
CTRP9 induces mitochondrial biogenesis and protects high glucose-induced endothelial oxidative damage via AdipoR1 -SIRT1- PGC-1α activation.
CXCL10-Mediates Macrophage, but not Other Innate Immune Cells-Associated Inflammation in Murine Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis.
Antioxidant, antilipidemic and antidiabetic effects of ficusin with their effects on GLUT4 translocation and PPARγ expression in type 2 diabetic rats.
[Relationships of glucose transporter 4 with cognitive changes induced by high fat diet and glucose metabolism in hippocampus].
Nutrition and the homeless: the underestimated challenge.
Bone structure and function in male C57BL/6 mice: Effects of a high-fat Western-style diet with or without trace minerals.
Obesity does not promote tumorigenesis of localized patient-derived prostate cancer xenografts.
Chronic intermittent hypobaric hypoxia ameliorates diabetic nephropathy through enhancing HIF1 signaling in rats.
Paeoniflorin alleviates non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in rats: Involvement with the ROCK/NF-κB pathway.
Vagotomy diminishes obesity in cafeteria rats by decreasing cholinergic potentiation of insulin release.
Detection of Vulnerable Atherosclerotic Plaques in Experimental Atherosclerosis with the USPIO-Enhanced MRI.
Neutrophils Play a Crucial Role in the Early Stage of Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis via Neutrophil Elastase in Mice.
Effects of bitter melon (Momordica charantia L.) on the gut microbiota in high fat diet and low dose streptozocin-induced rats.
Food combination based on a pre-hispanic Mexican diet decreases metabolic and cognitive abnormalities and gut microbiota dysbiosis caused by a sucrose-enriched high-fat diet in rats.
Ethanol extracts of chickpeas alter the total lipid content and expression levels of genes related to fatty acid metabolism in mouse 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
A high-fat diet impairs cooling-evoked brown adipose tissue activation via a vagal afferent mechanism.
Measuring the short-term substrate utilization response to high-carbohydrate and high-fat meals in the whole-body indirect calorimeter.
Heterozygous Hfe gene deletion leads to impaired glucose homeostasis, but not liver injury in mice fed a high-calorie diet.
Global Liver Gene Expression Analysis on a Murine Metabolic Syndrome Model Treated by Low-molecular-weight Lychee Fruit Polyphenol (Oligonol®).
Sex differences and hormonal effects on gut microbiota composition in mice.
Case report of diet-related improvements of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis evaluated by four consecutive liver biopsies.
Modulation of the vascular endothelium functioning by dietary components, the role of epigenetics.
Modulation of cAMP levels by high-fat diet and curcumin and regulatory effects on CD36/FAT scavenger receptor/fatty acids transporter gene expression.
Role of Diet in Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
Nutritional strategies to optimise cognitive function in the aging brain.
Dietary supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids and oleate enhances exercise training effects in patients with metabolic syndrome.
Fine particulate matter potentiates type 2 diabetes development in high-fat diet-treated mice: stress response and extracellular to intracellular HSP70 ratio analysis.
[Effect of SIRT1 deficiency on function of brown adipose tissue in obese mice].
Dogfish glucagon analogues counter hyperglycaemia and enhance both insulin secretion and action in diet-induced obese diabetic mice.
Mango Supplementation Modulates Gut Microbial Dysbiosis and Short-Chain Fatty Acid Production Independent of Body Weight Reduction in C57BL/6 Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet.
One Week of Bed Rest Leads to Substantial Muscle Atrophy and Induces Whole-Body Insulin Resistance in the Absence of Skeletal Muscle Lipid Accumulation.
Possible inhibition of hydroxy methyl glutaryl CoA reductase activity by nicotinic acid and ergosterol: as targeting for hypocholesterolemic action.
Mimp/Mtch2, an Obesity Susceptibility Gene, Induces Alteration of Fatty Acid Metabolism in Transgenic Mice.
Colonic inflammation accompanies an increase of β-catenin signaling and Lachnospiraceae/Streptococcaceae bacteria in the hind gut of high-fat diet-fed mice.
[Down-regulation of p38 MAPK and collagen by 1, 25-(OH)2-VD3 in rat models of diabetic nephropathy].
THE EFFECTS OF FOOD INTAKE AND ITS FAT COMPOSITION ON INTESTINAL ECHOGENICITY IN HEALTHY DOGS.
Construction of local gene network for revealing different liver function of rats fed deep-fried oil with or without resistant starch.
A high-fat high-energy diet influences hepatic CYP3A expression and activity in low-birth-weight developing female rats.
Brown adipose tissue transplantation ameliorates male fertility impairment caused by diet-induced obesity.
Bone morphogenetic protein-binding endothelial regulator of liver sinusoidal endothelial cells induces iron overload in a fatty liver mouse model.
An evaluation of the accuracy and precision of methane prediction equations for beef cattle fed high-forage and high-grain diets.
Paternal age and diet: The contributions of a father's experience to susceptibility for post-concussion symptomology.
Effects of Anthocyanin and Flavanol Compounds on Lipid Metabolism and Adipose Tissue Associated Systemic Inflammation in Diet-Induced Obesity.
Effects of thirty and sixty minutes of moderate-intensity aerobic exercise on postprandial lipemia and inflammation in overweight men: a randomized cross-over study.
Untargeted Metabolomics Reveals Intervention Effects of Total Turmeric Extract in a Rat Model of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Probiotics modify tight-junction proteins in an animal model of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
n-3 Fatty acids modulate the mRNA expression of the Nlrp3 inflammasome and Mtor in the liver of rats fed with high-fat or high-fat/fructose diets.
Modulation of PPAR Expression and Activity in Response to Polyphenolic Compounds in High Fat Diets.
From the Cover: Zinc Deficiency Worsens and Supplementation Prevents High-Fat Diet Induced Vascular Inflammation, Oxidative Stress, and Pathological Remodeling.
Role of antigen presenting cell invariant chain in the development of hepatic steatosis in mouse model.
Imaging of hypoxia in mouse atherosclerotic plaques with (64)Cu-ATSM.
Treatment with Parkinsonia aculeata combats insulin resistance-induced oxidative stress through the increase in PPARγ/CuZn-SOD axis expression in diet-induced obesity mice.
Protective effect of Caralluma fimbriata against high-fat diet induced testicular oxidative stress in rats.
Nutritional and food insecurity of construction workers.
Activation of CDK4 Triggers Development of Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
A Role for Timp3 in Microbiota-Driven Hepatic Steatosis and Metabolic Dysfunction.
Nucleic Acid-Targeting Pathways Promote Inflammation in Obesity-Related Insulin Resistance.
Inositol hexakisphosphate kinase-1 interacts with perilipin1 to modulate lipolysis.
Early nutrition transition in Haiti: linking food purchasing and availability to overweight status in school-aged children.
Dietary omega-3 but not omega-6 fatty acids down-regulate maternal dyslipidemia induced oxidative stress: A three generation study in rats.
Dietary high oleic canola oil supplemented with docosahexaenoic acid attenuates plasma proprotein convertase subtilisin kexin type 9 (PCSK9) levels in participants with cardiovascular disease risk: A randomized control trial.
Betulin attenuates atherosclerosis in apoE<sup>-/-</sup> mice by up-regulating ABCA1 and ABCG1.
Time-course metabolic changes in high-fat diet-induced obesity rats: A pilot study using hyperpolarized (13)C dynamic MRS.
Effects of an High-Fat Diet Enriched in Lard or in Fish Oil on the Hypothalamic Amp-Activated Protein Kinase and Inflammatory Mediators.
Antioxidant and physiological effects of Si-Wu-Tang on skin and liver: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
Independent and Combined Effects of Lactitol, Polydextrose, and Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron on Postprandial Metabolism and Body Weight in Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Dairy Intake Enhances Body Weight and Composition Changes during Energy Restriction in 18-50-Year-Old Adults-A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Obesity and associated lifestyles modify the effect of glucose metabolism-related genetic variants on impaired glucose homeostasis among postmenopausal women.
miR-34a(-/-) mice are susceptible to diet-induced obesity.
Luteolin reduces obesity-associated insulin resistance in mice by activating AMPKα1 signalling in adipose tissue macrophages.
Dietary luteolin activates browning and thermogenesis in mice through an AMPK/PGC1α pathway-mediated mechanism.
The role of apelin in central cardiovascular regulation in rats with post-infarct heart failure maintained on a normal fat or high fat diet.
Andrographolide ameliorates diabetic nephropathy by attenuating hyperglycemia-mediated renal oxidative stress and inflammation via Akt/NF-κB pathway.
Sex and Immunogen-Specific Benefits of Immunotherapy Targeting Islet Amyloid Polypeptide in Transgenic and Wild-Type Mice.
Animal Model of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus with Pathophysiological Resemblance to the Human Condition Induced by Multiple Factors (Nutritional, Pharmacological, and Stress) in Rats.
Excitability and Synaptic Transmission in the Enteric Nervous System: Does Diet Play a Role?
Role of Exchange Protein Directly Activated by Cyclic AMP Isoform 1 in Energy Homeostasis: Regulation of Leptin Expression and Secretion in White Adipose Tissue.
Combined therapy with metformin and insulin attenuates systemic and hepatic alterations in a model of high-fat diet-/streptozotocin-induced diabetes.
A Cross-Sectional Study of Postpartum Changes in Bone Status in Indian Mothers.
Fatty acid desaturase 1 knockout mice are lean with improved glycemic control and decreased development of atheromatous plaque.
Ameliorative effects of α-lipoic acid on high-fat diet-induced oxidative stress and glucose uptake impairment of T cells.
The changes in serum and whole blood rheological properties of rabbits during the progression of atherosclerosis.
Deletion of Suppressor of Cytokine Signaling 3 from Forebrain Neurons Delays Infertility and Onset of Hypothalamic Leptin Resistance in Response to a High Caloric Diet.
TTC39B deficiency stabilizes LXR reducing both atherosclerosis and steatohepatitis.
ADAMTS5 promotes murine adipogenesis and visceral adipose tissue expansion.
Effects of the Polysaccharide from the Sporophyll of Brown Alga Undaria Pinnatifida on Serum Lipid Profile and Fat Tissue Accumulation in Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet.
A priori and a posteriori dietary patterns at the age of 1 year and body composition at the age of 6 years: the Generation R Study.
Inhibition of Pyruvate Dehydrogenase Kinase 2 Protects Against Hepatic Steatosis Through Modulation of Tricarboxylic Acid Cycle Anaplerosis and Ketogenesis.
Energy expenditure and body composition changes after an isocaloric ketogenic diet in overweight and obese men.
Oxidized fish oil in rat pregnancy causes high newborn mortality and increases maternal insulin resistance.
Ventral tegmental area orexin 1 receptors promote palatable food intake and oppose postingestive negative feedback.
The Effects of the UK Pregnancies Better Eating and Activity Trial Intervention on Dietary Patterns in Obese Pregnant Women Participating in a Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial.
The protein source determines the potential of high protein diets to attenuate obesity development in C57BL/6J mice.

Early-life nutrition modulates the epigenetic state of specific rDNA genetic variants in mice.
Silymarin improved diet-induced liver damage and insulin resistance by decreasing inflammation in mice.
Protective effects of marein on high glucose-induced glucose metabolic disorder in HepG2 cells.
Reversal of diabetes-induced behavioral and neurochemical deficits by cinnamaldehyde.
Glucose and Palmitate Differentially Regulate PFKFB3/iPFK2 and Inflammatory Responses in Mouse Intestinal Epithelial Cells.
Hypothalamic kappa opioid receptor mediates both diet-induced and melanin concentrating hormone-induced liver damage through inflammation and endoplasmic reticulum stress.
DNA Damage and the Activation of the p53 Pathway Mediate Alterations in Metabolic and Secretory Functions of Adipocytes.
Effects of Lentinula edodes consumption on biochemical, hematologic and oxidative stress parameters in rats receiving high-fat diet.
A casein hydrolysate protects mice against high fat diet induced hyperglycemia by attenuating NLRP3 inflammasome-mediated inflammation and improving insulin signaling.
Ketogenic Diet, but Not Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Diet, Reduces Spontaneous Seizures in Juvenile Rats with Kainic Acid-induced Epilepsy.
A comparison of food pattern, macro- and some micronutrients density of the diet across different socio-economic zones of Tehran.
High-fat Diet Accelerates Intestinal Tumorigenesis Through Disrupting Intestinal Cell Membrane Integrity.
Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibition with linagliptin prevents western diet-induced vascular abnormalities in female mice.
An Animal Model for the Juvenile Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis.
Effect of glycemic index and carbohydrate intake on kidney function in healthy adults.
Green coffee bean extract improves obesity by decreasing body fat in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
High-fat diet-induced brain region-specific phenotypic spectrum of CNS resident microglia.
ZiBu PiYin recipe prevents diabetes-associated cognitive decline in rats: possible involvement of ameliorating mitochondrial dysfunction, insulin resistance pathway and histopathological changes.
Quantitative assessment of organ distribution of dietary protein-bound <sup>13</sup> C-labeled N<sup>ɛ</sup> -carboxymethyllysine after a chronic oral exposure in mice.
A randomized trial of diet and physical activity in women treated for stage II-IV ovarian cancer: Rationale and design of the Lifestyle Intervention for Ovarian Cancer Enhanced Survival (LIVES): An NRG Oncology/Gynecologic Oncology Group (GOG-225) Study.
Mediterranean diet for type 2 diabetes: cardiometabolic benefits.
The Effect of Camellia Seed Oil Intake on Lipid Metabolism in Mice.
Modeling Longitudinal Metabonomics and Microbiota Interactions in C57BL/6 Mice Fed a High Fat Diet.
miR-182 Regulates Metabolic Homeostasis by Modulating Glucose Utilization in Muscle.
Hypoglycemic activity of the Baker's yeast β-glucan in obese/type 2 diabetic mice and the underlying mechanism.
Exposure to high-fat diet since post-weaning induces cardiometabolic damage in adult rats.
Sleeve gastrectomy leads to weight loss in the Magel2 knockout mouse.
Additional effect of metformin and celecoxib against lipid dysregulation and adipose tissue inflammation in high-fat fed rats with insulin resistance and fatty liver.
Chromatin variation associated with liver metabolism is mediated by transposable elements.
Anti-Obesity Effects of Spiramycin In Vitro and In Vivo.
Exenatide Treatment Alone Improves β-Cell Function in a Canine Model of Pre-Diabetes.
Dietary Patterns and Their Socioeconomic and Behavioral Determinants in 6- to 8-Year-Old Portuguese Children.
Diet-induced obesity regulates adipose-resident stromal cell quantity and extracellular matrix gene expression.
ApoC-III inhibits clearance of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins through LDL family receptors.
Andrographis paniculata extract attenuates pathological cardiac hypertrophy and apoptosis in high-fat diet fed mice.
Characterization of the Cytochrome P450 epoxyeicosanoid pathway in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Intrauterine growth restriction combined with a maternal high-fat diet increases hepatic cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein receptor activity in rats.
Organic Cation Transporter 2 Overexpression May Confer an Increased Risk of Gentamicin-Induced Nephrotoxicity.
Effects of high peanut meal with different crude protein level supplemented with amino acids on performance, carcass traits and nitrogen retention of Chinese Yellow broilers.
Metabolic history impacts mammary tumor epithelial hierarchy and early drug response in mice.
Development of a diet-induced murine model of diabetes featuring cardinal metabolic and pathophysiological abnormalities of type 2 diabetes.
Differential Insulin Secretion of High-Fat Diet-Fed C57BL/6NN and C57BL/6NJ Mice: Implications of Mixed Genetic Background in Metabolic Studies.
Tongqiaohuoxue decoction ameliorates obesity-induced inflammation and the prothrombotic state by regulating adiponectin and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1.
Improvements in stage of change correlate to changes in dietary intake and clinical outcomes in a 5-year lifestyle intervention in young high-risk Sri Lankans.
Spice MyPlate: Nutrition Education Focusing Upon Spices and Herbs Improved Diet Quality and Attitudes Among Urban High School Students.
[INFLUENCE OF DIET IN PRIMARY PREVENTION OF GASTRIC CANCER, IN PATIENTS INFECTED WITH HELICOBACTER PYLORI].
The impact of maternal- and neonatal-associated factors on human milk's macronutrients and energy.
Glycogen Synthase Kinase 3β Inhibition Improves Myocardial Angiogenesis and Perfusion in a Swine Model of Metabolic Syndrome.
Liver fat accumulation in response to overfeeding with a high-fat diet: a comparison between South Asian and Caucasian men.
Metabolic reprogramming through fatty acid transport protein 1 (FATP1) regulates macrophage inflammatory potential and adipose inflammation.
Relationships of Dietary Histidine and Obesity in Northern Chinese Adults, an Internet-Based Cross-Sectional Study.
Long-Term Administration of Dehydroepiandrosterone Accelerates Glucose Catabolism via Activation of PI3K/Akt-PFK-2 Signaling Pathway in Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet.
CHYLOTHORAX IN PARACOCCIDIOIDOMYCOSIS.
Lack of Adipocyte AMPK Exacerbates Insulin Resistance and Hepatic Steatosis through Brown and Beige Adipose Tissue Function.
Increased Skeletal Muscle GLUT4 Expression in Obese Mice After Voluntary Wheel Running Exercise Is Posttranscriptional.
Metabolic Inflammation-Associated IL-17A Causes Non-alcoholic Steatohepatitis and Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Laser phototherapy improves early stage of cutaneous wound healing of rats under hyperlipidic diet.
Neurobehavioral Effects of Consuming Dietary Fatty Acids.
Low concentration of ethanol favors progenitor cell differentiation and neovascularization in high-fat diet-fed mice model.
High-Fat-Diet Intake Enhances Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy and Cognitive Impairment in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease, Independently of Metabolic Disorders.
Hydrogen Sulfide Mitigates Kidney Injury in High Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Lipolysis stimulating peptides of potato protein hydrolysate effectively suppresses high-fat-diet-induced hepatocyte apoptosis and fibrosis in aging rats.
The pathophysiological role of oxidized cholesterols in epicardial fat accumulation and cardiac dysfunction: a study in swine fed a high caloric diet with an inhibitor of intestinal cholesterol absorption, ezetimibe.
[INFLUENCE OF MEDICINAL PLANT EXTRACTS ON THE FUNCTIONS AND ANTIOXIDANT PROTECTION OF ERYTHROCYTES IN RATS WITH EXPERIMENTAL DIABETES MELLITUS].
Antagonistic effect of atorvastatin on high fat diet induced survival during acute Chagas disease.
Bardoxolone methyl prevents obesity and hypothalamic dysfunction.
Brown adipose tissue in obesity: Fractalkine-receptor dependent immune cell recruitment affects metabolic-related gene expression.
Loss of Transcription Factor CREBH Accelerates Diet-Induced Atherosclerosis in Ldlr-/- Mice.
Carrot juice ingestion attenuates high fructose-induced circulatory pro-inflammatory mediators in weanling Wistar rats.
Sugars, obesity, and cardiovascular disease: results from recent randomized control trials.
Gut microbiota directs PPARγ-driven reprogramming of the liver circadian clock by nutritional challenge.
The combined action of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and grape proanthocyanidins on a rat model of diet-induced metabolic alterations.
PGC-1 alpha regulates HO-1 expression, mitochondrial dynamics and biogenesis: Role of epoxyeicosatrienoic acid.
Bioequivalence and food effect of heat-stressed and non-heat-stressed dapagliflozin 2.5- and 10-mg tablets.
Jiang Tang Xiao Ke Granule, a Classic Chinese Herbal Formula, Improves the Effect of Metformin on Lipid and Glucose Metabolism in Diabetic Mice.
Euterpe edulis Extract but Not Oil Enhances Antioxidant Defenses and Protects against Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Induced by a High-Fat Diet in Rats.
MafB deficiency accelerates the development of obesity in mice.
Treadmill exercise alleviates impairment of cognitive function by enhancing hippocampal neuroplasticity in the high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Low estrogen levels and obesity are associated with shorter telomere lengths in pre- and postmenopausal women.
Dataset on inflammatory proteins expressions and sialic acid levels in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice with administration of N-acetylneuraminic acid and/or quercetin.
6-Methylsulfinylhexyl isothiocyanate prevents high-fat diet-induced fatty liver but fails to attenuate hepatic iron accumulation in mice.
Sedentary Lifestyle and High-Carbohydrate Intake are Associated with Low-Grade Chronic Inflammation in Post-Menopause: A Cross-sectional Study.
The hepatic FOXQ1 transcription factor regulates glucose metabolism in mice.
Effects of exercise training alone vs a combined exercise and nutritional lifestyle intervention on glucose homeostasis in prediabetic individuals: a randomised controlled trial.
Human risk of diseases associated with red meat intake: Analysis of current theories and proposed role for metabolic incorporation of a non-human sialic acid.
Acne and dairy products in adolescence: results from a Norwegian longitudinal study.
The blood lipid regulation of Monascus-produced monascin and ankaflavin via the suppression of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol assembly and stimulation of apolipoprotein A1 expression in the liver.
Mapping liver fat female-dependent quantitative trait loci in collaborative cross mice.
Dietary omega-6 fatty acid replacement selectively impairs cardiac functional recovery after ischemia in female (but not male) rats.
PINK1 alleviates palmitate induced insulin resistance in HepG2 cells by suppressing ROS mediated MAPK pathways.
High-Fat Diet-Induced IL-17A Exacerbates Psoriasiform Dermatitis in a Mouse Model of Steatohepatitis.
Lung Altered Expression of IL-1β mRNA and Its Signaling Pathway Molecules in Obese-asthmatic Male Wistar Rats.
Protective and therapeutic effects of Crataegus aronia in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Dimethylesculetin ameliorates maternal glucose intolerance and fetal overgrowth in high-fat diet-fed pregnant mice via constitutive androstane receptor.
Role of sodium-restricted dietary approaches to control blood pressure in Pakistani hypertensive population.
Influence of unhealthy food and beverage marketing on children's dietary intake and preference: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Hepatic Notch1 deletion predisposes to diabetes and steatosis via glucose-6-phosphatase and perilipin-5 upregulation.
Catecholamines Facilitate Fuel Expenditure and Protect Against Obesity via a Novel Network of the Gut-Brain Axis in Transcription Factor Skn-1-deficient Mice.
Food Consumption and Nutrient Intake by Children Aged 10 to 48 Months Attending Day Care in The Netherlands.
Progress achieved in restricting the marketing of high-fat, sugary and salty food and beverage products to children.
Identification of Plants That Inhibit Lipid Droplet Formation in Liver Cells: Rubus suavissimus Leaf Extract Protects Mice from High-Fat Diet-Induced Fatty Liver by Directly Affecting Liver Cells.
Resistin mediates tomato and broccoli extract effects on glucose homeostasis in high fat diet-induced obesity in rats.
Ketone Bodies and Exercise Performance: The Next Magic Bullet or Merely Hype?
Statin prescription initiation and lifestyle behaviour: a primary care cohort study.
Emodin Decreases Hepatic Hypoxia-Inducible Factor-1[Formula: see text] by Inhibiting its Biosynthesis.
Effects of telmisartan and olmesartan on insulin sensitivity and renal function in spontaneously hypertensive rats fed a high fat diet.
Nimesulide, a cyclooxygenase-2 selective inhibitor, suppresses obesity-related non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and hepatic insulin resistance through the regulation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ.
Nutritional influences of overfeeding on experimental outcomes in laboratory mice: consequences for gut microbiota and other functional studies.
Obesity-induced oocyte mitochondrial defects are partially prevented and rescued by supplementation with co-enzyme Q10 in a mouse model.
Vascular Smooth Muscle Sirtuin-1 Protects Against Diet-Induced Aortic Stiffness.
Liver Cancer Mortality and Food Consumption in Serbia, 1991-2010: An Ecological Study.
Diet-induced elevation of circulating HSP70 may trigger cell adhesion and promote the development of atherosclerosis in rats.
Leveraging model-based study designs and serial micro-sampling techniques to understand the oral pharmacokinetics of the potent LTB4 inhibitor, CP-105696, for mouse pharmacology studies.
Current Concepts of Maternal Nutrition.
Decreases in High-Fat and/or High-Added-Sugar Food Group Intake Occur when a Hypocaloric, Low-Fat Diet Is Prescribed Within a Lifestyle Intervention: A Secondary Cohort Analysis.
Liraglutide prevents microvascular insulin resistance and preserves muscle capillary density in high-fat diet-fed rats.
Prostaglandin E2 receptor EP3 regulates both adipogenesis and lipolysis in mouse white adipose tissue.
High Variability of Insulin Sensitivity in Closely Related Obese Mouse Inbred Strains.
Genotype-dependent Metabolic Responses to Semi-Purified High-Sucrose High-Fat Diets in the TALLYHO/Jng vs. C57BL/6 Mouse during the Development of Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes.
Dietary Fats and F<sub>2</sub>-isoprostanes: A Review of the Clinical EvidenceCritical Reviews in Food Science and Nutrition.
Effects of iron supplementation in mice with hypoferremia induced by obesity.
Epigenetic role of nuclear S6K1 in early adipogenesis.
Interaction of an S100A9 gene variant with saturated fat and carbohydrates to modulate insulin resistance in 3 populations of different ancestries.
Long-Term Immunomodulatory Effects of a Mediterranean Diet in Adults at High Risk of Cardiovascular Disease in the PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) Randomized Controlled Trial.
Intestinal Lymphangiectasia: Insights on Management and Literature Review.
Empagliflozin Protects against Diet-Induced NLRP-3 Inflammasome Activation and Lipid Accumulation.
Single vegetable meal content equivalence as an alternative to fat for satiety: a randomised trial in Japanese women.
Food intolerance prevalence in active ulcerative colitis in southwest China.
Comparative analysis of SNP candidates in disparate milk yielding river buffaloes using targeted sequencing.
Impaired mTORC2 signaling in catecholaminergic neurons exaggerates high fat diet-induced hyperphagia.
Digital Cushion Fatty Acid Composition and Lipid Metabolism Gene Network Expression in Holstein Dairy Cows Fed a High-Energy Diet.
FKBP51 Null Mice Are Resistant to Diet-Induced Obesity and the PPARγ Agonist Rosiglitazone.
Partial Fat Replacement by Boiled Quinoa on the Quality Characteristics of a Dry-Cured Sausage.
Astragaloside IV improves lipid metabolism in obese mice by alleviation of leptin resistance and regulation of thermogenic network.
DPP-4 Inhibition by Linagliptin Attenuates Obesity-Related Inflammation and Insulin Resistance by Regulating M1/M2 Macrophage Polarization.
Fibroblast growth factor 21 is required for beneficial effects of exercise during chronic high-fat feeding.
Creosote Bush (Larrea tridentata) Improves Insulin Sensitivity and Reduces Plasma and Hepatic Lipids in Hamsters Fed a High Fat and Cholesterol Diet.
MyomiRs as Markers of Insulin Resistance and Decreased Myogenesis in Skeletal Muscle of Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Exercise Increases and Browns Muscle Lipid in High-Fat Diet-Fed Mice.
Marrow Adipose Tissue Expansion Coincides with Insulin Resistance in MAGP1-Deficient Mice.
Intestinal dysbiosis contributes to the delayed gastrointestinal transit in high-fat diet fed mice.
The effect of short-term exposure to energy-matched diets enriched in fat or sugar on memory, gut microbiota and markers of brain inflammation and plasticity.
Insulin-like growth factor binding protein-3 links obesity and breast cancer progression.
Nociceptive Alteration by High Sucrose Diet in Hypoestrogenic Wistar Rats.
Pseudogene PTENP1 Functions as a Competing Endogenous RNA (ceRNA) to Regulate PTEN Expression by Sponging miR-499-5p.
Early steatohepatitis in hyperlipidemic mice with endothelial-specific gain of TRPC3 function precedes changes in aortic atherosclerosis.
Orexin A attenuates palmitic acid-induced hypothalamic cell death.
Combination of Sitagliptin and Insulin against Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus with Neuropathy in Rats: Neuroprotection and Role of Oxidative and Inflammation Stress.
Sirtuin-3 (SIRT3) protects pancreatic β-cells from endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress-induced apoptosis and dysfunction.
Dual Effect of Rosuvastatin on Glucose Homeostasis Through Improved Insulin Sensitivity and Reduced Insulin Secretion.
The ghrelin and leptin responses to short-term starvation vs a carbohydrate-free diet in men with type 2 diabetes; a controlled, cross-over design study.
The effects of onion consumption on treatment of metabolic, histologic, and inflammatory features of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Pdcd4 Is Involved in the Formation of Stress Granule in Response to Oxidized Low-Density Lipoprotein or High-Fat Diet.
Regulation of Brown and White Adipocyte Transcriptome by the Transcriptional Coactivator NT-PGC-1α.
Short-term high-fat diet alters postprandial glucose metabolism and circulating vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 in healthy males.
Using Multicountry Ecological and Observational Studies to Determine Dietary Risk Factors for Alzheimer's Disease.
Dietary management, husbandry, and body weights of African elephants (Loxodonta africana) during successful pregnancies at Disney's Animal Kingdom.
High-Fat Diet-Induced Obesity Enhances Allograft Rejection: Erratum.
Danzhi Qing'e (DZQE) activates AMPK pathway and regulates lipid metabolism in a rat model of perimenopausal hyperlipidaemia.
Activation of the AMPK/Sirt1 pathway by a leucine-metformin combination increases insulin sensitivity in skeletal muscle, and stimulates glucose and lipid metabolism and increases life span in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Paternal programming of breast cancer risk in daughters in a rat model: opposing effects of animal- and plant-based high-fat diets.
Red pitaya juice supplementation ameliorates energy balance homeostasis by modulating obesity-related genes in high-carbohydrate, high-fat diet-induced metabolic syndrome rats.
Acetylation of Mitochondrial Trifunctional Protein α-Subunit Enhances Its Stability To Promote Fatty Acid Oxidation and Is Decreased in Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Prorenin/renin receptor blockade promotes a healthy fat distribution in obese mice.
Innate Fear-Induced Weight Regulation in the C57BL/6J Mouse.
Arterial Stiffening in Western Diet-Fed Mice Is Associated with Increased Vascular Elastin, Transforming Growth Factor-β, and Plasma Neuraminidase.
Evidence-based practice use of quick-release bromocriptine across the natural history of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
[Survey and analysis of the intakes of energy and macronutrients in rural boarding school students].
[Effects of diets with different n-6/n-3 fatty acids on cardiovascular risk factors in mice fed high-fat diets].
[Change in plasma nesfatin-1 concentration within high-fat diet induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease rat models].
Associations between CD36 gene polymorphisms, fat tolerance and oral fat preference in a young-adult population.
The association between the intake of specific dietary components and lifestyle factors and microscopic colitis.
An extract from pork bones containing osteocalcin improves glucose metabolism in mice by oral administration.
Sustained zero-order delivery of GC-1 from a nanochannel membrane device alleviates metabolic syndrome.
Novel genes on rat chromosome 10 are linked to body fat mass, preadipocyte number and adipocyte size.
Hypolipidemic, antiobesity and cardioprotective effects of sardinelle meat flour and its hydrolysates in high-fat and fructose diet fed Wistar rats.
Lkb1 controls brown adipose tissue growth and thermogenesis by regulating the intracellular localization of CRTC3.
Lipolysis and thermogenesis in adipose tissues as new potential mechanisms for metabolic benefits of dietary fiber.
Evaluation of preclinical formulations for a poorly water-soluble compound.
The NK1R-/- mouse phenotype suggests that small body size, with a sex- and diet-dependent excess in body mass and fat, are physical biomarkers for a human endophenotype with vulnerability to attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Rosmarinic acid ameliorates hyperglycemia and insulin sensitivity in diabetic rats, potentially by modulating the expression of PEPCK and GLUT4.
Increased Hepatic Fatty Acids Uptake and Oxidation by LRPPRC-Driven Oxidative Phosphorylation Reduces Blood Lipid Levels.
Empagliflozin (an SGLT2 inhibitor), alone or in combination with linagliptin (a DPP-4 inhibitor), prevents steatohepatitis in a novel mouse model of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and diabetes.
Mesozeaxanthin Protects Retina from Oxidative Stress in a Rat Model.
Combination of soya pulp and Bacillus coagulans lilac-01 improves intestinal bile acid metabolism without impairing the effects of prebiotics in rats fed a cholic acid-supplemented diet.
Palmitate-induced ER stress increases trastuzumab sensitivity in HER2/neu-positive breast cancer cells.
Increased aerobic capacity reduces susceptibility to acute high-fat diet-induced weight gain.
Protective Effect of Dietary Lily Bulb on Dextran Sulfate Sodium-Induced Colitis in Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Delayed treatment with fenofibrate protects against high-fat diet-induced kidney injury in mice: the possible role of AMPK autophagy.
Obesity and Intestinal Tumorigenesis in Adult Min/+ Mice from Early-life High-fat Diet Exposure Were Not Inherited Transgenerationally.
Differential body weight, blood pressure and placental inflammatory responses to normal versus high-fat diet in melanocortin-4 receptor-deficient pregnant rats.
Importance of propionate for the repression of hepatic lipogenesis and improvement of insulin sensitivity in high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Fructose overfeeding in first-degree relatives of type 2 diabetic patients impacts energy metabolism and mitochondrial functions in skeletal muscle.
Green tea (-)-epigallocatechin-3-gallate counteracts daytime overeating induced by high-fat diet in mice.
Effect of hydroalcoholic fruit extract of Persea americana Mill. on high fat diet induced obesity: A dose response study in rats.
[Mechanism of RhoA/Rho-kinase signal pathway-induced erectile dysfunction in hyperlipidemic rats].
SIRT1-mediated ERβ suppression in the endothelium contributes to vascular aging.
Anti-obesity effect of Crinum asiaticum var. japonicum Baker extract in high-fat diet-induced and monogenic obese mice.
Hypolipidemic effect of dihydroisoquinoline oxaziridine in high-fat diet-fed rats.
Hypercholesterolemia Induced by a PCSK9 Gain-of-Function Mutation Augments Angiotensin II-Induced Abdominal Aortic Aneurysms in C57BL/6 Mice-Brief Report.
Bauhinia variegata (Caesalpiniaceae) leaf extract: An effective treatment option in type I and type II diabetes.
Effect of 3-keto-1,5-bisphosphonates on obese-liver's rats.
Secoisolariciresinol diglucoside rich extract of L. usitatissimum prevents diabetic colon cancer through inhibition of CDK4.
[Establishment and evaluation of a mouse model of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis-related hepatocellular carcinoma].
[Influence of gut microecology on the pathogenesis and treatment of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease].
Activation of farnesoid X receptor promotes triglycerides lowering by suppressing phospholipase A2 G12B expression.
Chronic Repression of mTOR Complex 2 Induces Changes in the Gut Microbiota of Diet-induced Obese Mice.
Modifications of Western-type diet regarding protein, fat and sucrose levels as modulators of steroid metabolism and activity in liver.
Exercise Regulation of Marrow Adipose Tissue.
Insulin Resistance and Obesity Affect Lipid Profile in the Salivary Glands.
Vitamin D3/VDR resists diet-induced obesity by modulating UCP3 expression in muscles.
Bofutsushosan ameliorates obesity in mice through modulating PGC-1α expression in brown adipose tissues and inhibiting inflammation in white adipose tissues.
Bile acid receptor agonists INT747 and INT777 decrease oestrogen deficiency-related postmenopausal obesity and hepatic steatosis in mice.
Combined effect of divergent selection for breast muscle ultimate pH and dietary amino acids on chicken performance, physical activity and meat quality.
Detailed faecal fat analysis using Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy: Exploring the possibilities.
The complement component C5 promotes liver steatosis and inflammation in murine non-alcoholic liver disease model.
A new clinically relevant model for intracranial atherosclerosis in rats.
Inflammation-Induced Expression and Secretion of MicroRNA 122 Leads to Reduced Blood Levels of Kidney-Derived Erythropoietin and Anemia.
Effect of feeding a high-fat diet independently of caloric intake on reproductive function in diet-induced obese female rats.
Physical activity, nutritional status, and dietary habits of students of a medical university.
Effects of disturbed liver growth and oxidative stress of high-fat diet-fed dams on cholesterol metabolism in offspring mice.
Diet-Induced Maternal Obesity Alters Insulin Signalling in Male Mice Offspring Rechallenged with a High-Fat Diet in Adulthood.
Glucose- or insulin resistance-mediated β-cell replication: PKCζ integrates the proliferative signaling.
Analysis of the interaction between transcription factor 7-like 2 genetic variants with nopal and wholegrain fibre intake: effects on anthropometric and metabolic characteristics in type 2 diabetes patients.
Ramalin inhibits differentiation of 3T3-L1 preadipocytes and suppresses adiposity and body weight in a high-fat diet-fed C57BL/6J mice.
A Fibroblast Growth Factor 21-Pregnane X Receptor Pathway Downregulates Hepatic CYP3A4 in Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Beneficial effects of combined resveratrol and metformin therapy in treating diet-induced insulin resistance.
Defining the physical properties of corn grown under drought-stressed conditions and the associated energy and nutrient content for swine.
Lipid-Induced Insulin Resistance in Skeletal Muscle: The Chase for the Culprit Goes from Total Intramuscular Fat to Lipid Intermediates, and Finally to Species of Lipid Intermediates.
Identification of a nutrient-sensing transcriptional network in monocytes by using inbred rat models on a cafeteria diet.
High Fat Diet Inhibits Dendritic Cell and T Cell Response to Allergens but Does Not Impair Inhalational Respiratory Tolerance.
High fat diet-induced TGF-β/Gbb signaling provokes insulin resistance through the tribbles expression.
Incubation of food craving is independent of macronutrient composition.
Relationships between milks differentiated on native milk fat globule characteristics and fat, protein and calcium compositions.
Low-dose testosterone alleviates vascular damage caused by castration in male rats in puberty via modulation of the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway.
Heme-Regulated eIF2α Kinase Modulates Hepatic FGF21 and Is Activated by PPARβ/δ Deficiency.
Behavioral consequences of exposure to a high fat diet during the post-weaning period in rats.
Testosterone differentially regulates targets of lipid and glucose metabolism in liver, muscle and adipose tissues of the testicular feminised mouse.
Dietary thylakoids reduce visceral fat mass and increase expression of genes involved in intestinal fatty acid oxidation in high-fat fed rats.
Comment on 'Cancer chemoprevention: Evidence of a nonlinear dose response for the protective effects of resveratrol in humans and mice'.
Response to comment on 'Cancer chemoprevention: Evidence of a nonlinear dose response for the protective effects of resveratrol in humans and mice'.
Consumption of Walnuts in Combination with Other Whole Foods Produces Physiologic, Metabolic, and Gene Expression Changes in Obese C57BL/6J High-Fat-Fed Male Mice.
SERCA2 Deficiency Impairs Pancreatic β-Cell Function in Response to Diet-Induced Obesity.
Design, synthesis and biological evaluation of novel cholesteryl ester transfer protein inhibitors bearing a cycloalkene scaffold.
A humanized osteopontin mouse model and its application in immunometabolic obesity studies.
Agavins Increase Neurotrophic Factors and Decrease Oxidative Stress in the Brains of High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
A high-fat jelly diet restores bioenergetic balance and extends lifespan in the presence of motor dysfunction and lumbar spinal cord motor neuron loss in TDP-43A315T mutant C57BL6/J mice.
Loss of ADAMTS4 reduces high fat diet-induced atherosclerosis and enhances plaque stability in ApoE(-/-) mice.
B-cell-specific depletion of tumour necrosis factor alpha inhibits atherosclerosis development and plaque vulnerability to rupture by reducing cell death and inflammation.
Emodin alleviates hepatic steatosis by inhibiting sterol regulatory element binding protein 1 activity by way of the calcium/calmodulin-dependent kinase kinase-AMP-activated protein kinase-mechanistic target of rapamycin-p70 ribosomal S6 kinase signaling pathway.
Voluntary exercise blocks Western diet-induced gene expression of the chemokines CXCL10 and CCL2 in the prefrontal cortex.
A telephone intervention to achieve differentiation in dietary intake: a randomized trial in paediatric primary care.
Interleukin-6 gene knockout antagonizes high-fat-induced trabecular bone loss.
Effect of Daisaikoto on Expressions of SIRT1 and NF-kappaB of Diabetic Fatty Liver Rats Induced by High-Fat Diet and Streptozotocin.
Generalized Anxiety Disorder and Hypoglycemia Symptoms Improved with Diet Modification.
The Effects of Dietary Fat and Iron Interaction on Brain Regional Iron Contents and Stereotypical Behaviors in Male C57BL/6J Mice.
Dietary counseling is associated with an improved lipid profile in children with familial hypercholesterolemia.
High-fat diet plus carbon tetrachloride-induced liver fibrosis is alleviated by betaine treatment in rats.
Renal Denervation Reverses Hepatic Insulin Resistance Induced by High-Fat Diet.
A Direct Comparison of Metabolic Responses to High-Fat Diet in C57BL/6J and C57BL/6NJ Mice.
Integrative analysis of metabolome and gut microbiota in diet-induced hyperlipidemic rats treated with berberine compounds.
Biomechanism of chlorogenic acid complex mediated plasma free fatty acid metabolism in rat liver.
Anti-oxidant treatment improves cardiac dysfunction in a murine model of premature ageing.
Acute blood glucose fluctuation enhances rat aorta endothelial cell apoptosis, oxidative stress and pro-inflammatory cytokine expression in vivo.
Decreased basal insulin secretion from pancreatic islets of pups in a rat model of maternal obesity.
Mst1 participates in the atherosclerosis progression through macrophage autophagy inhibition and macrophage apoptosis enhancement.
Dietary Intake of Vitamins in Different Options of Treatment in Chronic Kidney Disease: Is There a Deficiency?
Angiotensin type 2 receptor null mice express reduced levels of renal angiotensin II type 2 receptor/angiotensin (1-7)/Mas receptor and exhibit greater high-fat diet-induced kidney injury.
Longitudinal effects of developmental bisphenol A and variable diet exposures on epigenetic drift in mice.
Voluntary running decreases nonexercise activity in lean and diet-induced obese mice.
Mineralocorticoid Receptor Blockade Improves Insulin Sensitivity in the Rat Heart and a Possible Molecular Mechanism.
Berberine attenuates oxidative stress and hepatocytes apoptosis via protecting mitochondria in blunt snout bream Megalobrama amblycephala fed high-fat diets.
ATF7 ablation prevents diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance.
Anti-obesity effects of boiled tuna extract in mice with obesity induced by a high-fat diet.
Cheonggukjang, a soybean paste fermented with B. licheniformis-67 prevents weight gain and improves glycemic control in high fat diet induced obese mice.
Pre-germinated brown rice prevented high fat diet induced hyperlipidemia through ameliorating lipid synthesis and metabolism in C57BL/6J mice.
Heat-killed Lactobacillus Reuteri GMNL-263 Prevents Epididymal Fat Accumulation and Cardiac Injury in High-Calorie Diet-Fed Rats.
MondoA coordinately regulates skeletal myocyte lipid homeostasis and insulin signaling.
β-Cell Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 Receptor Contributes to Improved Glucose Tolerance After Vertical Sleeve Gastrectomy.
Mice Expressing a 'Hyper-Sensitive' Form of the Cannabinoid Receptor 1 (CB1) Are Neither Obese Nor Diabetic.
Dietary Fats and Oils in India.
The early infant gut microbiome varies in association with a maternal high-fat diet.
Fish Oil and Microalga Omega-3 as Dietary Supplements: A Comparative Study on Cardiovascular Risk Factors in High-Fat Fed Rats.
Retinol-Binding Protein 4 Induces Hepatic Mitochondrial Dysfunction and Promotes Hepatic Steatosis.
Association of Intestinal Microbiota with Metabolic Markers and Dietary Habits in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes.
FGF21 Is Not a Major Mediator for Bone Homeostasis or Metabolic Actions of PPARα and PPARγ Agonists.
Changes in milk performance and hepatic metabolism in mid-lactating dairy goats after being fed a high concentrate diet for 10 weeks.
Non-absorbable apple procyanidins prevent obesity associated with gut microbial and metabolomic changes.
Neonatal isoflavone exposure interferes with the reproductive system of female Wistar rats.
Subjective mood and energy levels of healthy weight and overweight/obese healthy adults on high-and low-glycemic load experimental diets.
The impact of diet on the composition and relative abundance of rumen microbes in goat.
Muscle expression of a malonyl-CoA-insensitive carnitine palmitoyltransferase-1 protects mice against high-fat/high-sucrose diet-induced insulin resistance.
Tanshinol suppresses endothelial cells apoptosis in mice with atherosclerosis via lncRNA TUG1 up-regulating the expression of miR-26a.
Exercise and dietary change ameliorate high fat diet induced obesity and insulin resistance via mTOR signaling pathway.
The Impact of Macronutrients on Retinal Microvasculature among Singapore Pregnant Women during the Mid-Late Gestation.
Colonic Macrophages 'Remote Control' Adipose Tissue Inflammation and Insulin Resistance.
Colonic Pro-inflammatory Macrophages Cause Insulin Resistance in an Intestinal Ccl2/Ccr2-Dependent Manner.
Hepatic and serum lipid signatures specific to nonalcoholic steatohepatitis in murine models.
Hypolipidemic effects of HVC1 in a high cholesterol diet‑induced rat model of hyperlipidemia.
Maternal gestational diabetes and childhood obesity at age 9-11: results of a multinational study.
Sex Differences in Obesity-Induced Hypertension and Vascular Dysfunction: A Protective Role for Estrogen in Adipose Tissue Inflammation?
Transgenic overexpression of VEGF-C induces weight gain and insulin resistance in mice.
Discretionary Foods Have a High Contribution and Fruit, Vegetables, and Legumes Have a Low Contribution to the Total Energy Intake of the Mexican Population.
Sugar-Sweetened Beverages Are the Main Sources of Added Sugar Intake in the Mexican Population.
Usual Intake of Added Sugars and Saturated Fats Is High while Dietary Fiber Is Low in the Mexican Population.
Adipose-specific inactivation of JNK alleviates atherosclerosis in apoE-deficient mice.
Changes in Skeletal Integrity and Marrow Adiposity during High-Fat Diet and after Weight Loss.
High-fat but not sucrose intake is essential for induction of dyslipidemia and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in guinea pigs.
Severe gestational hypertriglyceridemia: A practical approach for clinicians.
Effect of renal sympathetic denervation on hepatic glucose metabolism and blood pressure in a rat model of insulin resistance.
Experimental gender related obesity effect of diet.
The effect of peripheral chronic salsolinol administration on fat pad adipocytes morphological parameters.
The kielin/chordin-like protein KCP attenuates nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in mice.
SIRT1/Atg5/autophagy are involved in the antiatherosclerosis effects of ursolic acid.
Dietary fat intake modifies the influence of the FTO rs9939609 polymorphism on adiposity in adolescents: The HELENA cross-sectional study.
Neuronal maturation in the hippocampal dentate gyrus via chronic oral administration of <i>Artemisa annua</i> extract is independent of COX-2 signaling pathway in the diet-induced obesity (DIO) mice model.
Obesity alters immune and metabolic profiles: New insight from obese-resistant mice on high-fat diet.
Culture and Healthy Eating: The Role of Independence and Interdependence in the United States and Japan.
Effects of Persian leek (Allium ampeloprasum) on hepatic lipids and the expression of proinflammatory gene in hamsters fed a high-fat/ high-cholesterol diet.
Overexpression of complement component C5a accelerates the development of atherosclerosis in ApoE-knockout mice.
The Effectiveness of Different Diet Strategies to Reduce Type 2 Diabetes Risk in Youth.
Novel ciliate lipases for enzyme replacement during exocrine pancreatic insufficiency.
Consequences of a Maternal High-Fat Diet and Late Gestation Diabetes on the Developing Rat Lung.
Genetic and Sex-Specific Transgenerational Effects of a High Fat Diet in Drosophila melanogaster.
Exenatide Induces Impairment of Autophagy Flux to Damage Rat Pancreas.
The Role of Macronutrient Content in the Diet for Weight Management.
Maternal high fat diet exposure is associated with increased hepcidin levels, decreased myelination, and neurobehavioral changes in male offspring.
DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) Diet and Risk of Subsequent Kidney Disease.
Low dose dietary nitrate improves endothelial dysfunction and plaque stability in the ApoE<sup>-/-</sup> mouse fed a high fat diet.
Effect of pathological conditions on peritoneal macrophage glycosaminoglycans: Impact on cytoadherence.
Protection of mitochondria prevents high-fat diet-induced glomerulopathy and proximal tubular injury.
Dual actions of Netrin-1 on islet insulin secretion and immune modulation.
Diastolic dysfunction in prediabetic male rats: Role of mitochondrial oxidative stress.
PPP2R5B, a regulatory subunit of PP2A, contributes to adipocyte insulin resistance.
Altered pharmacokinetics of rosiglitazone in a mouse model of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
BMP4 Cross-talks With Estrogen/ERα Signaling to Regulate Adiposity and Glucose Metabolism in Females.
Management, nutrition, and lactation performance are related to bulk tank milk de novo fatty acid concentration on northeastern US dairy farms.
Effect of seabuckthorn seed oil in reducing cardiovascular risk factors: A longitudinal controlled trial on hypertensive subjects.
Obesity-associated cancer risk: the role of intestinal microbiota in the etiology of the host proinflammatory state.
Disruption of calpain reduces lipotoxicity-induced cardiac injury by preventing endoplasmic reticulum stress.
Low socio-economic status is a newly identified independent risk factor for poor vitamin D status in severely obese adults.
Amyrins from Protium heptaphyllum Reduce High-Fat Diet-Induced Obesity in Mice via Modulation of Enzymatic, Hormonal And Inflammatory Responses.
6-Gingerol Suppresses Adipocyte-Derived Mediators of Inflammation In Vitro and in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Zebra Fish.
High fat diet aggravates the nephrotoxicity of berberrubine by influencing on its pharmacokinetic profile.
Does Simple Steatosis Affect Liver Regeneration after Partial Hepatectomy in Rats?
p-Cresyl sulfate promotes the formation of atherosclerotic lesions and induces plaque instability by targeting vascular smooth muscle cells.
Progranulin: A key player in autoimmune diseases.
Fruit and Vegetable, Fat, and Sugar-Sweetened Beverage Intake Among Low-Income Mothers Living in Neighborhoods With Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program-Education.
Balancing Antioxidant, Hypolipidemic and Anti-inflammatory Activity in a Single Agent: The Example of 2-Hydroxy-2-Substituted Morpholine, 1,4-Benzoxazine and 1,4-Benzothiazine Derivatives as a Potential Therapeutic Approach against Atherosclerosis.
Maternal nutrition, inadequate gestational weight gain and birth weight: results from a prospective birth cohort.
Oral kanglaite injection (KLTI) attenuates the lung cancer-promoting effect of high-fat diet (HFD)-induced obesity.
Suppressed Helicobacter pylori-associated gastric tumorigenesis in Fat-1 transgenic mice producing endogenous ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids.
Butyrate alleviates high fat diet-induced obesity through activation of adiponectin-mediated pathway and stimulation of mitochondrial function in the skeletal muscle of mice.
Hepatic Overexpression of CD36 Improves Glycogen Homeostasis and Attenuates High-Fat Diet-Induced Hepatic Steatosis and Insulin Resistance.
Novel ketone diet enhances physical and cognitive performance.
Study of Antiobesity Effect through Inhibition of Pancreatic Lipase Activity of Diospyros kaki Fruit and Citrus unshiu Peel.
Effect of High Fat Dietary Intake during Maternal Gestation on Offspring Ovarian Health in a Pig Model.
Genetic modifications associated with ketogenic diet treatment in the BTBR<sup>T+Tf/J</sup> mouse model of autism spectrum disorder.
High phenolics Rutgers Scarlet Lettuce improves glucose metabolism in high fat diet-induced obese mice.
Short-term beef consumption promotes systemic oxidative stress, TMAO formation and inflammation in rats, and dietary fat content modulates these effects.
Caloric restriction selectively reduces the GABAergic phenotype of mouse hypothalamic proopiomelanocortin neurons.
Safety and anti-hyperglycemic efficacy of various tea types in mice.
Resolving Lipid Mediators Maresin 1 and Resolvin D2 Prevent Atheroprogression in Mice.
Effect of High-Fat Diet on the Formation of Pulmonary Neutrophil Extracellular Traps during Influenza Pneumonia in BALB/c Mice.
The Effects of Varying Concentrations of Dietary Protein and Fat on Blood Gas, Hematologic Serum Chemistry, and Body Temperature Before and After Exercise in Labrador Retrievers.
Hypothalamic AMPK-induced autophagy increases food intake by regulating NPY and POMC expression.
Effects of microalgal polyunsaturated fatty acid oil on body weight and lipid accumulation in the liver of C57BL/6 mice fed a high fat diet.
Mitochondria-targeted dodecyltriphenylphosphonium (C<sub>12</sub>TPP) combats high-fat-diet-induced obesity in mice.
Perpetuating effects of androgen deficiency on insulin resistance.
Effects of cereal fiber on leptin resistance and sensitivity in C57BL/6J mice fed a high-fat/cholesterol diet.
Differential effects on adiposity and serum marker of bone formation by post-weaning exposure to methylparaben and butylparaben.
Investigating Susceptibility to Diabetes Using Features of the Adipose Tissue in Response to In Utero Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbons Exposure.
High-Fat Diet-Induced Complement Activation Mediates Intestinal Inflammation and Neoplasia, Independent of Obesity.
Prenatal unhealthy diet, insulin-like growth factor 2 gene (IGF2) methylation, and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder symptoms in youth with early-onset conduct problems.
A small-molecule inhibitor of SHIP1 reverses age- and diet-associated obesity and metabolic syndrome.
The effect of alogliptin on pulmonary function in obese patients with type 2 diabetes inadequately controlled by metformin monotherapy.
<sup>1</sup>H NMR-based metabolic study reveals the improvements of bitter melon (Momordica charantia) on energy metabolism in diet-induced obese mouse.
Effect of the Capsicoside G-rich Fraction from Pepper (Capsicum annuum L.) Seeds on High-fat Diet-induced Obesity in Mice.
Loss of myocardial retinoic acid receptor α induces diastolic dysfunction by promoting intracellular oxidative stress and calcium mishandling in adult mice.
Adipocytes play an etiological role in the podocytopathy of high-fat diet-fed rats.
Monomeric eNAMPT in the development of experimental diabetes in mice: a potential target for type 2 diabetes treatment.
Long-Term Consumption of High-Fat Diet in Rats: Effects on Microglial and Astrocytic Morphology and Neuronal Nitric Oxide Synthase Expression.
Increased susceptibility of prenatal food restricted offspring to high-fat diet-induced nonalcoholic fatty liver disease is intrauterine programmed.
Vildagliptin reduces cardiac ischemic-reperfusion injury in obese orchiectomized rats.
Metformin ameliorates obesity-associated hypertriglyceridemia in mice partly through the apolipoprotein A5 pathway.
Leucine supplementation at the onset of high-fat feeding does not prevent weight gain or improve glycemic regulation in male Sprague-Dawley rats.
Short communication: Partial replacement of ground corn with algae meal in a dairy cow diet: Milk yield and composition, nutrient digestibility, and metabolic profile.
PKCη deficiency improves lipid metabolism and atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice.
Reduction of obesity-associated white adipose tissue inflammation by rosiglitazone is associated with reduced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in LDLr-deficient mice.
Vending Machines: A Narrative Review of Factors Influencing Items Purchased.
Molecular cloning, expression and functional characterization of tumor necrosis factor (TNF) receptor-associated factor (TRAF)-interacting protein (TRIP) in grass carp, Ctenopharyngodon idella.
Alterations in gut microbiota during remission and recurrence of diabetes after duodenal-jejunal bypass in rats.
Cafeteria diet induce changes in blood flow that are more related with heat dissipation than energy accretion.
An Overview of Murine High Fat Diet as a Model for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Data on biochemical indexes of HFD-fed mice treatment with metformin or resveratrol.
Functional and Molecular Adaptations of Enteroendocrine L-Cells in Male Obese Mice Are Associated With Preservation of Pancreatic α-Cell Function and Prevention of Hyperglycemia.
Maternal Fat Feeding Augments Offspring Nephron Endowment in Mice.
Theophylline-Based KMUP-1 Improves Steatohepatitis via MMP-9/IL-10 and Lipolysis via HSL/p-HSL in Obese Mice.
Mouse Maternal High-Fat Intake Dynamically Programmed mRNA m⁶A Modifications in Adipose and Skeletal Muscle Tissues in Offspring.
Manipulating the sequence of food ingestion improves glycemic control in type 2 diabetic patients under free-living conditions.
Pathophysiology of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: Lifestyle-Gut-Gene Interaction.
Dietary patterns associated with body mass index (BMI) and lifestyle in Mexican adolescents.
High-fat diet disrupts metabolism in two generations of rats in a parent-of-origin specific manner.
Renal Denervation Normalizes Arterial Pressure With No Effect on Glucose Metabolism or Renal Inflammation in Obese Hypertensive Mice.
Metformin improves metabolic memory in high fat diet (HFD)-induced renal dysfunction.
Ring Finger Protein 11 Inhibits Melanocortin 3 and 4 Receptor Signaling.
Liver-specific NG37 overexpression leads to diet-dependent fatty liver disease accompanied by cardiac dysfunction.
Genetic susceptibility to dyslipidemia and incidence of cardiovascular disease depending on a diet quality index in the Malmö Diet and Cancer cohort.
Effects of Lactobacillus plantarum CCFM0236 on hyperglycaemia and insulin resistance in high-fat and streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetic mice.
Parthenolide, an NF-κB Inhibitor Ameliorates Diabetes-Induced Behavioural Deficit, Neurotransmitter Imbalance and Neuroinflammation in Type 2 Diabetes Rat Model.
Assessing Initial Validity and Reliability of a Beverage Intake Questionnaire in Hispanic Preschool-Aged Children.
Deficiency in the Heat Stress Response Could Underlie Susceptibility to Metabolic Disease.
Loss of Mbd2 Protects Mice Against High-Fat Diet-Induced Obesity and Insulin Resistance by Regulating the Homeostasis of Energy Storage and Expenditure.
From Obesity Resistance to Obesity Prediction and Prevention?
Bisphenol A alters gut microbiome: Comparative metagenomics analysis.
Differential Effect of Electroacupuncture on Inflammatory Adipokines in Two Rat Models of Obesity.
In utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus conditions TLR4 and TLR2 activated IL-1beta responses in spleen cells from rat offspring.
Loss of CTRP1 disrupts glucose and lipid homeostasis.
Ketogenic Diet and Cancer-a Perspective.
Depression-Like Behavior in a Dehydroepiandrosterone-Induced Mouse Model of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome.
High intake of regular-fat cheese compared with reduced-fat cheese does not affect LDL cholesterol or risk markers of the metabolic syndrome: a randomized controlled trial.
Dietary patterns in an elderly population and their relation with bone mineral density: the Rotterdam Study.
Hyperlipidemia induced by high-fat diet enhances dentin formation and delays dentin mineralization in mouse incisor.
High trans but not saturated fat beverage causes an acute reduction in postprandial vascular endothelial function but not arterial stiffness in humans.
Fish oil prevents changes induced by a high-fat diet on metabolism and adipokine secretion in mice subcutaneous and visceral adipocytes.
Knockout of inositol-requiring enzyme 1α in pro-opiomelanocortin neurons decreases fat mass via increasing energy expenditure.
Prolonged transfer of feces from the lean mice modulates gut microbiota in obese mice.
Effects of dietary fat subtypes on glucose homeostasis during pregnancy in rats.

Renal simplicity denervation reduces blood pressure and renal injuries in an obesity-induced hypertension dog model.
Dietary Intake and Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Icelanders Following Voluntarily a Low Carbohydrate Diet.
Common dysregulated pathways in obese adipose tissue and atherosclerosis.
[Impact of olmesartan medoxomil on atherosclerosis lesions in apolipoprotein E knockout mice].
TNF-α induces vascular insulin resistance via positive modulation of PTEN and decreased Akt/eNOS/NO signaling in high fat diet-fed mice.
IL-33-driven ILC2/eosinophil axis in fat is induced by sympathetic tone and suppressed by obesity.
Effects of a treatment with Se-rich rice flour high in resistant starch on enteric dysbiosis and chronic inflammation in diabetic ICR mice.
Metabolic biomarkers for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease induced by high-fat diet: In vivo magnetic resonance spectroscopy of hyperpolarized [1-<sup>13</sup>C] pyruvate.
Rapid response of the steatosis-sensing hepatokine LECT2 during diet-induced weight cycling in mice.
Short-Term High-Fat Diet (HFD) Induced Anxiety-Like Behaviors and Cognitive Impairment Are Improved with Treatment by Glyburide.
CTHRSSVVC Peptide as a Possible Early Molecular Imaging Target for Atherosclerosis.
Paternal High Fat Diet in Rats Leads to Renal Accumulation of Lipid and Tubular Changes in Adult Offspring.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids Protect Fatty and Lean Mouse Livers After Major Hepatectomy.
High-fat, high-sugar, and high-cholesterol consumption does not impact tau pathogenesis in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease-like tau pathology.
Dimethylarginine Dimethylaminohydrolase 1 Protects Against High-Fat Diet-Induced Hepatic Steatosis and Insulin Resistance in Mice.
Adverse Effect of High-Fat Diet on Metabolic Programming in Offspring Born to a Murine Model of Maternal Hypertension.
Therapeutic effect of apple pectin in obese rats.
Periodontitis contributes to adipose tissue inflammation through the NF-&lt;kappa&gt;B, JNK and ERK pathways to promote insulin resistance in a rat model.
High fat diet induced-obesity facilitates anxiety-like behaviors due to GABAergic impairment within the dorsomedial hypothalamus in rats.
FGF21 improves cognition by restored synaptic plasticity, dendritic spine density, brain mitochondrial function and cell apoptosis in obese-insulin resistant male rats.
Dietary Salba (Salvia hispanica L.) ameliorates the adipose tissue dysfunction of dyslipemic insulin-resistant rats through mechanisms involving oxidative stress, inflammatory cytokines and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ.
Differential expression of apolipoprotein D in male reproductive system of rats by high-fat diet.
High-fat diet feeding differentially affects the development of inflammation in the central nervous system.
Absence of the Vitamin D Receptor Inhibits Atherosclerotic Plaque Calcification in Female Hypercholesterolemic Mice.
High fat diet exacerbates dextran sulfate sodium induced colitis through disturbing mucosal dendritic cell homeostasis.
Delay discounting predicts binge-eating in Wistar rats.
Long-term treatment with nicotinamide induces glucose intolerance and skeletal muscle lipotoxicity in normal chow-fed mice: compared to diet-induced obesity.
Chronic rhein treatment improves recognition memory in high-fat diet-induced obese male mice.
Evaluation of Neuropathological Effects of a High-Fat Diet in a Presymptomatic Alzheimer's Disease Stage in APP/PS1 Mice.
Metabolic adaptations to HFHS overfeeding: how whole body and tissues postprandial metabolic flexibility adapt in Yucatan mini-pigs.
Transgenic Adipose-specific Expression of the Nuclear Receptor RORα Drives a Striking Shift in Fat Distribution and Impairs Glycemic Control.
MicroRNA-17-92 cluster regulates pancreatic beta-cell proliferation and adaptation.
Disruption of the Phosphate Transporter Pit1 in Hepatocytes Improves Glucose Metabolism and Insulin Signaling by Modulating the USP7/IRS1 Interaction.
Adherence to a Mediterranean-Style Diet and Its Influence on Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Postmenopausal Women.
Consumption of a high-fat meal was associated with an increase in monocyte adhesion molecules, scavenger receptors, and Propensity to Form Foam Cells.
Insulin access to skeletal muscle is impaired during the early stages of diet-induced obesity.
Consumption of a high-fat diet alters the seminal fluid and gut microbiomes in male mice.
[Dietary factors associated with stroke: a literature review].
Aqueous and methanol extracts of Vernonia amygdalina leaves exert their anti-obesity effects through the modulation of appetite-regulatory hormones.
Quantitative Metabolomic Profiling of Plasma, Urine, and Liver Extracts by <sup>1</sup>H NMR Spectroscopy Characterizes Different Stages of Atherosclerosis in Hamsters.
Nutritional Cues Tie Living Organisms to Their Environment and Its Sustainability.
Urinary biomarker and treatment mechanism of Rhizoma Alismatis on hyperlipidemia.
Cardioprotective potential of a lanosteryl triterpene from Protorhus longifolia.
Role of the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor α3 subtype in vascular inflammation.
Diet-Induced Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Is Associated with Sarcopenia and Decreased Serum Insulin-Like Growth Factor-1.
Jatrorrhizine hydrochloride attenuates hyperlipidemia in a high-fat diet-induced obesity mouse model.
Angiopoietin-like protein 4 improves glucose tolerance and insulin resistance but induces liver steatosis in high-fat-diet mice.
Effect of high-fat diet-induced obesity on the Akt/FoxO/Smad signaling pathway and the follicular development of the mouse ovary.
Frequency of Eating Out at Both Fast-Food and Sit-Down Restaurants Was Associated With High Body Mass Index in Non-Large Metropolitan Communities in Midwest.
Resveratrol Protects Rabbits Against Cholesterol Diet-Induced Hyperlipidaemia.
Nervous System Expression of PPARγ and Mutant PPARγ Has Profound Effects on Metabolic Regulation and Brain Development.
Enhanced susceptibility of obese mice to glycidamide-induced sperm chromatin damage without increased oxidative stress.
PKC-ALDH2 Pathway Plays a Novel Role in Adipocyte Differentiation.
Activation of the Wnt/β-catenin pathway in pancreatic beta cells during the compensatory islet hyperplasia in prediabetic mice.
Effect of BI-1 on insulin resistance through regulation of CYP2E1.
Probiotic mixture VSL#3 reduce high fat diet induced vascular inflammation and atherosclerosis in ApoE(-/-) mice.
Inositol Hexakisphosphate Kinase 3 Regulates Metabolism and Lifespan in Mice.
High fat diet drives obesity regardless the composition of gut microbiota in mice.
High-fat diet induced changes in lumbar vertebra of the male rat offsprings.
Short-term high-fat feeding induces islet macrophage infiltration and β-cell replication independently of insulin resistance in mice.
Poly is more effective than monounsaturated fat for dietary management in the metabolic syndrome: The muffin study.
Assessment of neuroinflammation in a mouse model of obesity and β-amyloidosis using PET.
Aging increases the susceptibility of hepatic inflammation, liver fibrosis and aging in response to high-fat diet in mice.
Hypothalamic Leptin Gene Therapy Reduces Bone Marrow Adiposity in ob/ob Mice Fed Regular and High-Fat Diets.
Nigella sativa Relieves the Altered Insulin Receptor Signaling in Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Rats Fed with a High-Fat Diet.
High-Fat Diet Induces Oxidative Stress and MPK2 and HSP83 Gene Expression in Drosophila melanogaster.
High Fat Diet-Induced Skeletal Muscle Wasting Is Decreased by Mesenchymal Stem Cells Administration: Implications on Oxidative Stress, Ubiquitin Proteasome Pathway Activation, and Myonuclear Apoptosis.
Increased Bone Mineral Content During Rapid Weight Gain Therapy in Anorexia Nervosa.
Mouse Models of Diabetes, Obesity and Related Kidney Disease.
Macronutrient Intake-Associated FGF21 Genotype Modifies Effects of Weight-Loss Diets on 2-Year Changes of Central Adiposity and Body Composition: The POUNDS Lost Trial.
Creatine Supplementation Does Not Prevent the Development of Alcoholic Steatosis.
The role of proximal versus distal stomach resection in the weight loss seen after vertical sleeve gastrectomy.
Dietary carbohydrate intake, insulin resistance and gastro-oesophageal reflux disease: a pilot study in European- and African-American obese women.
Autologous subcutaneous adipose tissue transplants improve adipose tissue metabolism and reduce insulin resistance and fatty liver in diet-induced obesity rats.
Estrogen receptor alpha activation enhances mitochondrial function and systemic metabolism in high-fat-fed ovariectomized mice.
Saturated high-fat diet-induced obesity increases adenylate cyclase of myocardial β-adrenergic system and does not compromise cardiac function.
Resveratrol Protects against High-Fat Diet Induced Renal Pathological Damage and Cell Senescence by Activating SIRT1.
Dietary energy restriction reduces high-fat diet-enhanced metastasis of Lewis lung carcinoma in mice.
Sports anaemia and anthropometric evaluation of footballers at Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology (KNUST).
Effects of Chronic Consumption of Sugar-Enriched Diets on Brain Metabolism and Insulin Sensitivity in Adult Yucatan Minipigs.
Long-Term Effects of a Randomised Controlled Trial Comparing High Protein or High Carbohydrate Weight Loss Diets on Testosterone, SHBG, Erectile and Urinary Function in Overweight and Obese Men.
Restricting feeding to the active phase in middle-aged mice attenuates adverse metabolic effects of a high-fat diet.
Nestin(+) cells direct inflammatory cell migration in atherosclerosis.
Vascular microRNA-204 is remotely governed by the microbiome and impairs endothelium-dependent vasorelaxation by downregulating Sirtuin1.
Conjugated linoleic acid improves glycemic response, lipid profile, and oxidative stress in obese patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a randomized controlled clinical trial.
The diverse effects of α- and γ-tocopherol on chicken liver transcriptome.
Extra Virgin Olive Oil Reduced Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid and Cholesterol Oxidation in Rodent Liver: Is This Accounted for Hydroxytyrosol-Fatty Acid Conjugation?
A novel pentacyclic triterpenoid, Ilexgenin A, shows reduction of atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E deficient mice.
Social inequalities in health in nonhuman primates.
Associations between Dietary Fiber Intake in Infancy and Cardiometabolic Health at School Age: The Generation R Study.
Platycodon grandiflorus Root Extract Attenuates Body Fat Mass, Hepatic Steatosis and Insulin Resistance through the Interplay between the Liver and Adipose Tissue.
Immigration and dietary patterns in South Asian Canadians at risk for diabetes.
Longxuetongluo capsule inhibits atherosclerosis progression in high-fat diet-induced ApoE<sup>-/-</sup> mice by improving endothelial dysfunction.
Pathways for insulin access to the brain: the role of the microvascular endothelial cell.
Coronary microvascular dysfunction after long-term diabetes and hypercholesterolemia.
Associations between branched chain amino acid intake and biomarkers of adiposity and cardiometabolic health independent of genetic factors: A twin study.
Tissue-specific regulation of sirtuin and nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide biosynthetic pathways identified in C57Bl/6 mice in response to high-fat feeding.
Good sensory quality and cheesemaking properties in milk from Holstein cows managed for an 18-month calving interval.
Anti-inflammatory actions of (-)-epicatechin in the adipose tissue of obese mice.
Chronic psychological stress and high-fat high-fructose diet disrupt metabolic and inflammatory gene networks in the brain, liver, and gut and promote behavioral deficits in mice.
Influence of High-fat and High-cholesterol Diet on Major CYP Activities in the Liver.
Increased liver fat and glycogen stores after consumption of high versus low glycaemic index food: A randomized crossover study.
From intravenous to enteral ketogenic diet in PICU: A potential treatment strategy for refractory status epilepticus.
Changes of Regulatory T Cells in the Early Stage of Obesity Mice and Their Modulation on Macrophage Subtypes in Visceral Adipose Tissue.
Head to Head Comparison of Short-Term Treatment with the NAD(+) Precursor Nicotinamide Mononucleotide (NMN) and 6 Weeks of Exercise in Obese Female Mice.
Nutritional status of patients with phenylketonuria in Japan.
The effects of high-fat diet on implant osseointegration: an experimental study.
Glucocorticoids Mediate Short-Term High-Fat Diet Induction of Neuroinflammatory Priming, the NLRP3 Inflammasome, and the Danger Signal HMGB1.
Fruit vinegars attenuate cardiac injury via anti-inflammatory and anti-adiposity actions in high-fat diet-induced obese rats.
Effect of omega-3 and omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid enriched diet on plasma IGF-1 and testosterone concentration, puberty and semen quality in male buffalo.
Diet change and exercise enhance protein expression of CREB, CRTC 2 and lipolitic enzymes in adipocytes of obese mice.
The effect of dietary intervention on the metabolic and behavioural impairments generated by short term high fat feeding in the rat.
Alterations in systemic levels of Th1, Th2, and Th17 cytokines in overweight adolescents and obese mice.
Novel Role of Endogenous Catalase in Macrophage Polarization in Adipose Tissue.
A high-fat high-sugar diet predicts poorer hippocampal-related memory and a reduced ability to suppress wanting under satiety.
Eicosapentaenoic and Docosahexaenoic Acid-Enriched High Fat Diet Delays Skeletal Muscle Degradation in Mice.
Steroidogenic Factor 1 in the Ventromedial Nucleus of the Hypothalamus Regulates Age-Dependent Obesity.
[High-fat mediterranean diet leads to slight weight reduction].
Low glycemic index diet reduces body fat and attenuates inflammatory and metabolic responses in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Bamboo shoot fiber prevents obesity in mice by modulating the gut microbiota.
A low-salt diet increases the expression of renal sirtuin 1 through activation of the ghrelin receptor in rats.
Mast cells are not associated with systemic insulin resistance.
Curcumin ameliorates high‑fat diet‑induced spermatogenesis dysfunction.
Aerobic capacity and hepatic mitochondrial lipid oxidation alters susceptibility for chronic high-fat diet-induced hepatic steatosis.
Unaltered Hypothalamic Metabolic Gene Expression in Kiss1r Knockout Mice Despite Obesity and Reduced Energy Expenditure.
Serotonin Deficiency Rescues Lactation on Day 1 in Mice Fed a High Fat Diet.
[Young children, toddlers and school age children].
ADAMTS13 deficiency promotes microthrombosis in a murine model of diet-induced liver steatosis.
A disputed evidence on obesity: comparison of the effects of Rcan2(-/-) and Rps6kb1(-/-) mutations on growth and body weight in C57BL/6J mice.
Maternal high-fat diet inversely affects insulin sensitivity in dams and young adult male rat offspring.
Quantitative deviating effects of maple syrup extract supplementation on the hepatic gene expression of mice fed a high-fat diet.
Obesogenic and Diabetogenic Effects of High-Calorie Nutrition Require Adipocyte BK Channels.
c-Jun N-terminal kinase-mediated Rubicon expression enhances hepatocyte lipoapoptosis and promotes hepatocyte ballooning.
Cardiotrophin-1 Regulates Adipokine Production in 3T3-L1 Adipocytes and Adipose Tissue From Obese Mice.
Castration induced browning in subcutaneous white adipose tissue in male mice.
Influance of regular swimming on serum levels of CRP, IL-6, TNF-α in high-fat diet-induced type 2 diabetic rats.
The Korean herbal medicine, Do In Seung Gi-Tang, attenuates atherosclerosis via AMPK in high-fat diet-induced ApoE(-/-) mice.
Cardiovascular magnetic resonance detects the progression of impaired myocardial perfusion reserve and increased left-ventricular mass in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Epigenomic and metabolic responses of hypothalamic POMC neurons to gestational nicotine exposure in adult offspring.
Effects of a maternal high-fat diet on offspring behavioral and metabolic parameters in a rodent model.
Weight loss following diet-induced obesity does not alter colon tumorigenesis in the AOM mouse model.
Insulin promotes proliferation and fibrosing responses in activated pancreatic stellate cells.
High-Fat Diet Induces Distinct Metabolic Response in Interleukin-6 and Tumor Necrosis Factor-α Knockout Mice.
The effect of acute weight restoration on dietary fat preference in hospitalized patients with anorexia nervosa.
Diets enriched in whey or casein improve energy balance and prevent morbidity and renal damage in salt-loaded and high-fat-fed spontaneously hypertensive stroke-prone rats.
GPR40 mediates potential positive effects of a saturated fatty acid enriched diet on bone.
Pleiotropic Functions of High Fat Diet in the Etiology of Osteoarthritis.
Pentoxifylline ameliorates non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in hyperglycaemic and dyslipidaemic mice by upregulating fatty acid β-oxidation.
Conservative Management of an Intraoperative Chyle Leak: A Case Report and Literature Review.
PARP-1 inhibition alleviates diabetic cardiac complications in experimental animals.
Resveratrol supplement inhibited the NF-κB inflammation pathway through activating AMPKα-SIRT1 pathway in mice with fatty liver.
The Effects of Maternal Under-Nutrition and a Post-Natal High Fat Diet on Lens Growth, Transparency and Oxidative Defense Systems in Rat Offspring.
Mfn1 Deficiency in the Liver Protects Against Diet-Induced Insulin Resistance and Enhances the Hypoglycemic Effect of Metformin.
Catalase-dependent H2O2 consumption by cardiac mitochondria and redox-mediated loss in insulin signaling.
HDAC5 Inhibits Hepatic Lipogenic Genes Expression by Attenuating the Transcriptional Activity of Liver X Receptor.
A mix of apple pomace polysaccharide improves mitochondrial function and reduces oxidative stress in the liver of high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Aspirin prevents bone loss with little mechanical improvement in high-fat-fed ovariectomized rats.
Endothelial-mesenchymal transition in atherosclerotic lesion calcification.
Chronic leucine supplementation improves lipid metabolism in C57BL/6J mice fed with a high-fat/cholesterol diet.
Effects of spinach nitrate on insulin resistance, endothelial dysfunction markers and inflammation in mice with high-fat and high-fructose consumption.
Adipocytes, like their progenitors, contribute to inflammation of adipose tissues through promotion of Th-17 cells and activation of monocytes, in obese subjects.
ACE2/Ang 1-7 axis: A critical regulator of epicardial adipose tissue inflammation and cardiac dysfunction in obesity.
Causality of small and large intestinal microbiota in weight regulation and insulin resistance.
Angiopoetin-2 Signals Do Not Mediate the Hypervascularization of Islets in Type 2 Diabetes.
Physiological and Pathogenic Roles of Prolyl Isomerase Pin1 in Metabolic Regulations via Multiple Signal Transduction Pathway Modulations.
The Diet Quality of Competitive Adolescent Male Rugby Union Players with Energy Balance Estimated Using Different Physical Activity Coefficients.
Short- and Long-Term Effects of Wholegrain Oat Intake on Weight Management and Glucolipid Metabolism in Overweight Type-2 Diabetics: A Randomized Control Trial.
Renoprotective effect of virgin coconut oil in heated palm oil diet-induced hypertensive rats.
Preserving of Postnatal Leptin Signaling in Obesity-Resistant Lou/C Rats following a Perinatal High-Fat Diet.
KBH-1, an herbal composition, improves hepatic steatosis and leptin resistance in high-fat diet-induced obese rats.
Associations between Dietary Nutrient Intakes and Hepatic Lipid Contents in NAFLD Patients Quantified by ¹H-MRS and Dual-Echo MRI.
Gold nanoparticles-based SPECT/CT imaging probe targeting for vulnerable atherosclerosis plaques.
Development of a high-throughput method for real-time assessment of cellular metabolism in intact long skeletal muscle fibre bundles.
Xanthoangelol and 4-hydroxyderrcin suppress obesity-induced inflammatory responses.
A School-Based Program for Overweight and Obese Adolescents: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
n-3 Fatty acids preserve muscle mass and insulin sensitivity in a rat model of energy restriction.
Dietary patterns and the risk of CVD and all-cause mortality in older British men.
Melatonin attenuates the high-fat diet and streptozotocin-induced reduction in rat hippocampal neurogenesis.
Growth performance and meat quality of rabbits under different feeding regimes.
Methylsulfonylmethane (MSM), an organosulfur compound, is effective against obesity-induced metabolic disorders in mice.
Dietary saturated fat and monounsaturated fat have reversible effects on brain function and the secretion of pro-inflammatory cytokines in young women.
Physiological Expression of AMPKγ2RG Mutation Causes Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome and Induces Kidney Injury in Mice.
Adrenomedullin 2 Enhances Beiging in White Adipose Tissue Directly in an Adipocyte-autonomous Manner and Indirectly through Activation of M2 Macrophages.
Effects of sleeve gastrectomy with jejuno-jejunal or jejuno-ileal loop on glycolipid metabolism in diabetic rats.
Effects of different diets on intestinal microbiota and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease development.
Natural dipeptidyl peptidase-IV inhibitor mangiferin mitigates diabetes- and metabolic syndrome-induced changes in experimental rats.
Hypothalamic transcriptomes of 99 mouse strains reveal trans eQTL hotspots, splicing QTLs and novel non-coding genes.
Zinc finger protein 407 overexpression upregulates PPAR target gene expression and improves glucose homeostasis in mice.
The enhanced atorvastatin hepatotoxicity in diabetic rats was partly attributed to the upregulated hepatic Cyp3a and SLCO1B1.
The emerging role of obesity, diet and lipid metabolism in prostate cancer.
Reduced neurotrophic factor level is the early event before the functional neuronal deficiency in high-fat diet induced obese mice.
Liver-specific G<sub>0</sub> /G<sub>1</sub> switch gene 2 (G0s2) expression promotes hepatic insulin resistance by exacerbating hepatic steatosis in male Wistar rats.
HIF-1α in Myeloid Cells Promotes Adipose Tissue Remodeling Toward Insulin Resistance.
High-fat simple carbohydrate feeding impairs central and peripheral monoamine metabolic pathway triggering the onset of metabolic syndrome in C57Bl/6J mice.
Ethnic Differences in the Food Intake Patterns and Its Associated Factors of Adolescents in Kelantan, Malaysia.
Neuronal Rap1 Regulates Energy Balance, Glucose Homeostasis, and Leptin Actions.
Troxerutin attenuates diet-induced oxidative stress, impairment of mitochondrial biogenesis and respiratory chain complexes in mice heart.
[Changes in nutritional recommendations for a healthy population and their influence on a diabetic diet].
Cardiovascular Risk Factors Among Lower Silesian Students of the Faculty of Medicine: Knowledge and Distribution.
Antiobesity Effect of Garlic Extract Fermented by Lactobacillus plantarum BL2 in Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Hepatocyte glutathione peroxidase-1 deficiency improves hepatic glucose metabolism and decreases steatohepatitis in mice.
Inverse relationship between brain glucose and ketone metabolism in adults during short-term moderate dietary ketosis: A dual tracer quantitative positron emission tomography study.
Dietary Energy Density and Postmenopausal Breast Cancer Incidence in the Cancer Prevention Study II Nutrition Cohort.
Effect of a 3-Week Low-Calorie Diet and Balneological Treatment on Selected Coagulation Parameters in Morbidly Obese Patients.
Early postnatal amylin treatment enhances hypothalamic leptin signaling and neural development in the selectively bred diet-induced obese rat.
Dietary silymarin supplementation promotes growth performance and improves lipid metabolism and health status in grass carp (Ctenopharyngodon idellus) fed diets with elevated lipid levels.
Cynanchum wilfordii Radix attenuates liver fat accumulation and damage by suppressing hepatic cyclooxygenase-2 and mitogen-activated protein kinase in mice fed with a high-fat and high-fructose diet.
Maternal high fructose and low protein consumption during pregnancy and lactation share some but not all effects on early-life growth and metabolic programming of rat offspring.
Obesogenic diets have deleterious effects on fat deposits irrespective of the nature of dietary carbohydrates in a Yucatan minipig model.
Lower hepatic iron storage associated with obesity in mice can be restored by decreasing body fat mass through feeding a low-fat diet.
Medium-chain triglycerides promote macrophage reverse cholesterol transport and improve atherosclerosis in ApoE-deficient mice fed a high-fat diet.
Defatted safflower seed extract inhibits adipogenesis in 3T3-L1 preadipocytes and improves lipid profiles in C57BL/6J ob/ob mice fed a high-fat diet.
Dietary withdrawal of phytoestrogens resulted in higher gene expression of 3-beta-HSD and ARO but lower 5-alpha-R-1 in male rats.
Sesamin ameliorates hepatic steatosis and inflammation in rats on a high-fat diet via LXRα and PPARα.
Protein malnutrition potentiates the amplifying pathway of insulin secretion in adult obese mice.
Effects of Diet on Sleep Quality.
Changes of adipocytokine expression after diabetic rats received sitagliptin and the molecular mechanism.
Adaptation of a Modified DASH Diet to a Rural African American Community Setting.
Reduction of Hypothalamic Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress Activates Browning of White Fat and Ameliorates Obesity.
Effect of Inhibition or Deletion of Neutral Endopeptidase on Neuropathic Endpoints in High Fat Fed/Low Dose Streptozotocin-Treated Mice.
An alternative splicing program promotes adipose tissue thermogenesis.
Nutritional interventions for optimizing healthy body composition in older adults in the community: an umbrella review of systematic reviews.
Rubicon inhibits autophagy and accelerates hepatocyte apoptosis and lipid accumulation in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in mice.
Irisin improves perivascular adipose tissue dysfunction via regulation of the heme oxygenase-1/adiponectin axis in diet-induced obese mice.
High-fat diet modifies the PPAR-γ pathway leading to disruption of microbial and physiological ecosystem in murine small intestine.
Characteristics of dairy cows with a greater or lower risk of subacute ruminal acidosis: Volatile fatty acid absorption, rumen digestion, and expression of genes in rumen epithelial cells.
Better postpartal performance in dairy cows supplemented with rumen-protected methionine compared with choline during the peripartal period.
Effects of dietary fatty acids and cholesterol excess on liver injury: A lipidomic approach.
Early-stage Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Impairs Erectile Function and Neurite Outgrowth From the Major Pelvic Ganglion and Downregulates the Gene Expression of Neurotrophic Factors.
An Intestinal Microbiota-Farnesoid X Receptor Axis Modulates Metabolic Disease.
Lifestyle Risk Factors for Serrated Colorectal Polyps: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Diet-induced obesity reduces the production of influenza vaccine-induced antibodies via impaired macrophage function.
Magnetic resonance imaging biomarkers of exercise-induced improvement of oxidative stress and inflammation in the brain of old high-fat-fed ApoE<sup>-/-</sup> mice.
Associations between free sugars and nutrient intakes among children and adolescents in the UK.
Contemporary issues regarding nutrition in cardiovascular rehabilitation.
Polyphenol Rich Extract of Garcinia pedunculata Fruit Attenuates the Hyperlipidemia Induced by High Fat Diet.
In Vivo Interrelationship between Insulin Resistance and Interferon Gamma Production: Protective and Therapeutic Effect of Berberine.
Açai (Euterpe oleracea Mart.) Upregulates Paraoxonase 1 Gene Expression and Activity with Concomitant Reduction of Hepatic Steatosis in High-Fat Diet-Fed Rats.
Perilla Oil Supplementation Ameliorates High-Fat/High-Cholesterol Diet Induced Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Rats via Enhanced Fecal Cholesterol and Bile Acid Excretion.
Saturated Branched Chain, Normal Odd-Carbon-Numbered, and n-3 (Omega-3) Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids in Freshwater Fish in the Northeastern United States.
High-fat diet meal patterns during and after continuous nicotine treatment in male rats.
Altered Interleukin-10 Signaling in Skeletal Muscle Regulates Obesity-Mediated Inflammation and Insulin Resistance.
Association of habitual high-fat intake and desire for protein and sweet food.
Effects of Methotrexate in a Rabbit Model of In-Stent Neoatherosclerosis: An Optical Coherence Tomography Study.
Loss of DRO1/CCDC80 results in obesity and promotes adipocyte differentiation.
Depression, daily stressors and inflammatory responses to high-fat meals: when stress overrides healthier food choices.
Metabolic dysfunction in female mice with disruption of 5α-reductase 1.
Modified Atkins diet induces subacute selective ragged-red-fiber lysis in mitochondrial myopathy patients.
Potential Nociceptive Regulatory Effect of Probiotic Lactobacillus rhamnosus PB01 (DSM 14870) on Mechanical Sensitivity in Diet-Induced Obesity Model.
Effects of Diets Enriched in Omega-9 or Omega-6 Fatty Acids on Reproductive Process.
Theoretical Effects of Substituting Butter with Margarine on Risk of Cardiovascular Disease.
Renal Protective Effects of Low Molecular Weight of Inonotus obliquus Polysaccharide (LIOP) on HFD/STZ-Induced Nephropathy in Mice.
Reduction in liver fat by dietary MUFA in type 2 diabetes is helped by enhanced hepatic fat oxidation.
Ionizing Radiation Potentiates High-Fat Diet-Induced Insulin Resistance and Reprograms Skeletal Muscle and Adipose Progenitor Cells.
Teneligliptin Decreases Uric Acid Levels by Reducing Xanthine Dehydrogenase Expression in White Adipose Tissue of Male Wistar Rats.
A link between TP53 polymorphisms and metabolism.
Maternal Obesity Programs Senescence Signaling and Glucose Metabolism in Osteo-Progenitors From Rat and Human.
Hypolipidemic effects of crude green tea polysaccharide on rats, and structural features of tea polysaccharides isolated from the crude polysaccharide.
Rosuvastatin limits the activation of hepatic stellate cells in diet-induced obese mice.
Gene Expression Patterns Are Altered in Athymic Mice and Metabolic Syndrome Factors Are Reduced in C57BL/6J Mice Fed High-Fat Diets Supplemented with Soy Isoflavones.
Atherogenic high cholesterol/high fat diet induces TLRs-associated pulmonary inflammation in C57BL/6J mice.
Circulating free fatty acids inhibit food intake in an oleate-specific manner in rats.
Maternal Western diet increases adiposity even in male offspring of obesity-resistant rat dams: early endocrine risk markers.
Adipocyte miR-200b/a/429 ablation in mice leads to high-fat-diet-induced obesity.
CC-chemokine receptor 7 (CCR7) deficiency alters adipose tissue leukocyte populations in mice.
Inhibition of ileal bile acid uptake protects against nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Concurrence of High Fat Diet and APOE Gene Induces Allele Specific Metabolic and Mental Stress Changes in a Mouse Model of Alzheimer's Disease.
Obesity, Inflammation, and Exercise Training: Relative Contribution of iNOS and eNOS in the Modulation of Vascular Function in the Mouse Aorta.
PI3K-GLUT4 Signal Pathway Associated with Effects of EX-B3 Electroacupuncture on Hyperglycemia and Insulin Resistance of T2DM Rats.
Sexually dimorphic brain fatty acid composition in low and high fat diet-fed mice.
Fibroblast growth factor 21 has no direct role in regulating fertility in female mice.
Microbially produced glucagon-like peptide 1 improves glucose tolerance in mice.
Hypogonadism alters cecal and fecal microbiota in male mice.
Preventive effect of Caralluma fimbriata vs. Metformin against high-fat diet-induced alterations in lipid metabolism in Wistar rats.
Ashanti pepper (Piper guineense Schumach et Thonn) attenuates carbohydrate hydrolyzing, blood pressure regulating and cholinergic enzymes in experimental type 2 diabetes rat model.
The Phospholipase D2 Knock Out Mouse Has Ectopic Purkinje Cells and Suffers from Early Adult-Onset Anosmia.
Ubiquitin Ligase COP1 Controls Hepatic Fat Metabolism by Targeting ATGL for Degradation.
Activation of hypothalamic astrocytes suppresses feeding without altering emotional states.
High butter-fat diet and bisphenol A additively impair male rat spermatogenesis.
Gut microbiota Modulated by Probiotics and Garcinia cambogia Extract Correlate with Weight Gain and Adipocyte Sizes in High Fat-Fed Mice.
Estrogen Signals Through Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor-γ Coactivator 1α to Reduce Oxidative Damage Associated With Diet-Induced Fatty Liver Disease.
Reevaluation of anti-obesity action of mazindol and elucidation of its effect on the reward system.
Soluble CD93 Is Involved in Metabolic Dysregulation but Does Not Influence Carotid Intima-Media Thickness.
Comparative effects of corn-based diet and phase-fed cassava-based diet on growth rate, carcass characteristics and lipid profile of meat-type ducks.
Associations among sugar sweetened beverage intake, visceral fat, and cortisol awakening response in minority youth.
Effects of Supplemental Chromium Propionate on Serum Lipids, Carcass Traits, and Meat Quality of Heat-Stressed Broilers.
Fatty Acid de Novo Synthesis in Adult Intrauterine Growth-Restricted Offspring, and Adult Male Response to a High Fat Diet.
Rice bran protein hydrolysates reduce arterial stiffening, vascular remodeling and oxidative stress in rats fed a high-carbohydrate and high-fat diet.
Cathepsin G Controls Arterial But Not Venular Myeloid Cell Recruitment.
High fat diet exacerbates Alzheimer's disease-related pathology in APPswe/PS1 mice.
Fenofibrate Decreases Insulin Clearance and Insulin Secretion to Maintain Insulin Sensitivity.
Effect of mahanimbine, an alkaloid from curry leaves, on high-fat diet-induced adiposity, insulin resistance, and inflammatory alterations.
Antiobesity and antihyperglycaemic effects of Adiantum capillus-veneris extracts: in vitro and in vivo evaluations.
Inhibiting poly ADP-ribosylation increases fatty acid oxidation and protects against fatty liver disease.
High-fat diet-induced downregulation of anorexic leukemia inhibitory factor in the brain stem.
Protective and curative effects of Bacillus subtilis SPB1 biosurfactant on high-fat-high-fructose diet induced hyperlipidemia, hypertriglyceridemia and deterioration of liver function in rats.
Effects of bingeing on fat during adolescence on the reinforcing effects of cocaine in adult male mice.
Suboptimal maternal diets alter mu opioid receptor and dopamine type 1 receptor binding but exert no effect on dopamine transporters in the offspring brain.
Effects of a Japan Diet Intake Program on Metabolic Parameters in Middle-Aged Men.
Effects of Angelica dahurica on obesity and fatty liver in mice.
Thermogenic profiling using magnetic resonance imaging of dermal and other adipose tissues.
Prenatal Dexamethasone and Postnatal High-Fat Diet Decrease Interferon Gamma Production through an Age-Dependent Histone Modification in Male Sprague-Dawley Rats.
Using Two Different Approaches to Assess Dietary Patterns: Hypothesis-Driven and Data-Driven Analysis.
Excess Folic Acid Increases Lipid Storage, Weight Gain, and Adipose Tissue Inflammation in High Fat Diet-Fed Rats.
Voluntary Running Attenuates Metabolic Dysfunction in Ovariectomized Low-Fit Rats.
Reduced femoral bone mass in both diet-induced and genetic hyperlipidemia mice.
Association between dietary patterns and low bone mineral density among adults aged 50 years and above: findings from the North West Adelaide Health Study (NWAHS).
Unexpected effects of the MIP-CreER transgene and tamoxifen on β-cell growth in C57Bl6/J male mice.
Monocytic MKP-1 is a Sensor of the Metabolic Environment and Regulates Function and Phenotypic Fate of Monocyte-Derived Macrophages in Atherosclerosis.
Runx2 Deletion in Smooth muscle Cells Inhibits Vascular Osteochondrogenesis and Calcification but not Atherosclerotic Lesion Formation.
Disruption of beta3 adrenergic receptor increases susceptibility to DIO in mouse.
Role of bile acids in carcinogenesis of pancreatic cancer: An old topic with new perspective.
Dietary advanced glycation end-products aggravate non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Dietary broccoli protects against fatty liver development but not against progression of liver cancer in mice pretreated with diethylnitrosamine.
Dietary Reversal Ameliorates Short- and Long-Term Memory Deficits Induced by High-fat Diet Early in Life.
A Comparative Study Examining the Impact of a Protein-Enriched Vs Normal Protein Postoperative Diet on Body Composition and Resting Metabolic Rate in Obese Patients after Sleeve Gastrectomy.
A beta cell ATGL-lipolysis/adipose tissue axis controls energy homeostasis and body weight via insulin secretion in mice.
Adenylyl cyclase 3 haploinsufficiency confers susceptibility to diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance in mice.
Aguamiel concentrate from Agave salmiana and its extracted saponins attenuated obesity and hepatic steatosis and increased Akkermansia muciniphila in C57BL6 mice.
Efficacy of lycopene on modulation of renal antioxidant enzymes, ACE and ACE gene expression in hyperlipidaemic rats.
Randomised controlled trial of effect of whole soy replacement diet on features of metabolic syndrome in postmenopausal women: study protocol.
Fructans from Agave tequilana with a Lower Degree of Polymerization Prevent Weight Gain, Hyperglycemia and Liver Steatosis in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Adult Neurogenesis in the Female Mouse Hypothalamus: Estradiol and High-Fat Diet Alter the Generation of Newborn Neurons Expressing Estrogen Receptor α.
A high-fat diet fed during different periods of life impairs steroidogenesis of rat Leydig cells.
Lower Doses of Fructose Extend Lifespan in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Prenatal food restriction induces poor-quality articular cartilage in female rat offspring fed a post-weaning high-fat diet and its intra-uterine programming mechanisms.
Miltefosine Suppresses Hepatic Steatosis by Activating AMPK Signal Pathway.
Neuropeptide Y Overexpressing Female and Male Mice Show Divergent Metabolic but Not Gut Microbial Responses to Prenatal Metformin Exposure.
Gut Microbiota and Host Reaction in Liver Diseases.
BSN723T Prevents Atherosclerosis and Weight Gain in ApoE Knockout Mice Fed a Western Diet.
Adipose Tissue Dendritic Cells Are Independent Contributors to Obesity-Induced Inflammation and Insulin Resistance.
Deficiency of Interleukin-15 Confers Resistance to Obesity by Diminishing Inflammation and Enhancing the Thermogenic Function of Adipose Tissues.
Maternal obesity and neurodevelopmental and psychiatric disorders in offspring.
Macrophage Stimulating Protein Enhances Hepatic Inflammation in a NASH Model.
In vitro and in vivo inhibition of aldose reductase and advanced glycation end products by phloretin, epigallocatechin 3-gallate and [6]-gingerol.
Loss of Sodium/Hydrogen Exchanger NHA2 Exacerbates Obesity- and Aging-Induced Glucose Intolerance in Mice.
Dietary macronutrient composition affects hypothalamic appetite regulation in chicks.
Effect of nine diets on mRNAs of phase-II conjugation enzymes in livers of mice.
Impact of maternal nutrition in pregnancy and lactation on offspring gut microbial composition and function.
Symplocos cochinchinensis enhances insulin sensitivity via the down regulation of lipogenesis and insulin resistance in high energy diet rat model.
Nebivolol Ameliorates Cardiac NLRP3 Inflammasome Activation in a Juvenile-Adolescent Animal Model of Diet-Induced Obesity.
Maternal high-fat diet during lactation impairs thermogenic function of brown adipose tissue in offspring mice.
[Effect of equipotent doses of bupivacaine and ropivacaine in high-fat diet fed neonatal rodent model].
Brain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids modulate microglia cell number and morphology in response to intracerebroventricular amyloid-β 1-40 in mice.
TNP [N2-(m-Trifluorobenzyl), N6-(p-nitrobenzyl)purine] ameliorates diet induced obesity and insulin resistance via inhibition of the IP6K1 pathway.
Adipose tissue (P)RR regulates insulin sensitivity, fat mass and body weight.
Myocardin-related transcription factor A (MRTFA) regulates the fate of bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells and its absence in mice leads to osteopenia.
Roux-en-Y gastric bypass surgery is effective in fibroblast growth factor-21 deficient mice.
Enhancement of endothelial permeability by free fatty acid through lysosomal cathepsin B-mediated Nlrp3 inflammasome activation.
Metabolic Fate of Branched-Chain Amino Acids During Adipogenesis, in Adipocytes From Obese Mice and C2C12 Myotubes.
The relation of saturated fatty acids with low-grade inflammation and cardiovascular disease.
mTORC1 inhibition with rapamycin exacerbates adipose tissue inflammation in obese mice and dissociates macrophage phenotype from function.
An endovascular model of ischemic myopathy from peripheral arterial disease.
High-fat diet feeding promotes stemness and precancerous changes in murine gastric mucosa mediated by leptin receptor signaling pathway.
H2AK119 monoubiquitination regulates Angiotensin II receptor mediated macrophage infiltration and renal fibrosis in type 2 diabetic rats.
Effects of physical exercise on myokines expression and brown adipose-like phenotype modulation in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Effect of HFD/STZ on expression of genes involved in lipid, cholesterol and glucose metabolism in rats.
Hypolipidaemic and hypoglycaemic activities of polysaccharide from Pleurotus eryngii in Kunming mice.
Chronic LPSF/GQ-02 treatment attenuates inflammation and atherosclerosis development in LDLr<sup>-/-</sup> mice.
Plasma acylcarnitine profiling indicates increased fatty acid oxidation relative to tricarboxylic acid cycle capacity in young, healthy low birth weight men.
Reduced mitochondrial mass and function add to age-related susceptibility toward diet-induced fatty liver in C57BL/6J mice.
Reduced lipolysis response to adipose afferent reflex involved in impaired activation of adrenoceptor-cAMP-PKA-hormone sensitive lipase pathway in obesity.
Differential Effects of Dietary Fat Content and Protein Source on Bone Phenotype and Fatty Acid Oxidation in Female C57Bl/6 Mice.
Growth performance, feed digestibility, body composition, and feeding behavior of high- and low-residual feed intake fat-tailed lambs under moderate feed restriction.
An oxidative stress paradox: time for a conceptual change?
MicroRNA-200c modulates DUSP-1 expression in diabetes-induced cardiac hypertrophy.
High carbohydrate diet induces nonalcoholic steato-hepatitis (NASH) in a desert gerbil.
Integrative transcriptomic analysis of NAFLD animal model reveals dysregulated genes and pathways in metabolism.
Cell Signaling and Stress Responses.
Maternal vitamin D beneficially programs metabolic, gut and bone health of mouse male offspring in an obesogenic environment.
Impact of high fat diet on long non-coding RNAs and messenger RNAs expression in the aortas of ApoE(-/-) mice.
GPR30 regulates diet-induced adiposity in female mice and adipogenesis in vitro.
Triptolide inhibits the progression of atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E<sup>-</sup>/<sup>-</sup> mice.
IL-35 improves T<sub>reg</sub>-mediated immune suppression in atherosclerotic mice.
Diet- and Genetically-induced Obesity Produces Alterations in the Microbiome, Inflammation and <i>Wnt</i> Pathway in the Intestine of Apc<sup>+/1638N</sup> Mice: Comparisons and Contrasts.
Korean pine nut oil replacement decreases intestinal lipid uptake while improves hepatic lipid metabolism in mice.
Korean <i>Curcuma longa L</i>. induces lipolysis and regulates leptin in adipocyte cells and rats.
Blueberry, blackberry, and blackcurrant differentially affect plasma lipids and pro-inflammatory markers in diet-induced obesity mice.
Corn silk extract improves cholesterol metabolism in C57BL/6J mouse fed high-fat diets.
Interleukin-1 signaling contributes to acute islet compensation.
Increased apoptosis and browning of TAK1-deficient adipocytes protects against obesity.
High-fructose diet is as detrimental as high-fat diet in the induction of insulin resistance and diabetes mediated by hepatic/pancreatic endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress.
Diet and Headache: Part 2.
Adipocyte-specific deletion of Ip6k1 reduces diet-induced obesity by enhancing AMPK-mediated thermogenesis.
Enhanced sensitivity to drugs of abuse and palatable foods following maternal overnutrition.
Inhibition of NET Release Fails to Reduce Adipose Tissue Inflammation in Mice.
Inhibition of M1 macrophage activation in adipose tissue by berberine improves insulin resistance.
Caspase-1 deficiency promotes high-fat diet-induced adipose tissue inflammation and the development of obesity.
Molecular Pathways: Dietary Regulation of Stemness and Tumor Initiation by the PPAR-δ Pathway.
Early Intervention of Didang Decoction on MLCK Signaling Pathways in Vascular Endothelial Cells of Type 2 Diabetic Rats.
FAK contributes to proteinuria in hypercholesterolaemic rats and modulates podocyte F-actin re-organization via activating p38 in response to ox-LDL.
Letter: The Effects of High Fat Diet and Resveratrol on Mitochondrial Activity of Brown Adipocytes (Endocrinol Metab 2016;31:328-35, Cheol Ryong Ku et al.).
Response: The Effects of High Fat Diet and Resveratrol on Mitochondrial Activity of Brown Adipocytes (Endocrinol Metab 2016;31:328-35, Cheol Ryong Ku et al.).
Antiobesity Effects of Salvia plebeia R. Br. Extract in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
A physiological characterization of the Cafeteria diet model of metabolic syndrome in the rat.
Cardiac damage and dysfunction in diabetic cardiomyopathy are ameliorated by Grx1.
Oncostatin m impairs brown adipose tissue thermogenic function and the browning of subcutaneous white adipose tissue.
Telomerase RNA Component Genetic Variants Interact With the Mediterranean Diet Modifying the Inflammatory Status and its Relationship With Aging: CORDIOPREV Study.
Activation and increase of radio-sensitive CD11b+ recruited Kupffer cells/macrophages in diet-induced steatohepatitis in FGF5 deficient mice.
Mediterranean meal versus Western meal effects on postprandial ox-LDL, oxidative and inflammatory gene expression in healthy subjects: a randomized controlled trial for nutrigenomic approach in cardiometabolic risk.
Diet, gut microbiota and cognition.
Adipose tissue, obesity and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
The effect of high-fat diet consumption on appetitive instrumental behavior in rats.
Chronic Exposure to Low Doses of Dioxin Promotes Liver Fibrosis Development in the C57BL/6J Diet-Induced Obesity Mouse Model.
Antidiabetic (type 2) effects of Lactobacillus G15 and Q14 in rats through regulation of intestinal permeability and microbiota.
Laminarin favorably modulates gut microbiota in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Vascular- and hepato-protective effects of passion fruit seed extract containing piceatannol in chronic high-fat diet-fed rats.
Correlation of TLR4 and KLF7 in Inflammation Induced by Obesity.
Triterpenoids-Enriched Extract from the Aerial Parts of Salvia miltiorrhiza Regulates Macrophage Polarization and Ameliorates Insulin Resistance in High-Fat Fed Mice.
Glycine N-methyltransferase deficiency in female mice impairs insulin signaling and promotes gluconeogenesis by modulating the PI3K/Akt pathway in the liver.
Pomegranate juice prevents development of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in rats by attenuating oxidative stress and inflammation.
αMSH promotes preadipocyte proliferation by alleviating ER stress-induced leptin resistance and by activating Notch1 signal in mice.
[Alteration mechanisms of oxidative stress at periodontal tissues of rats in a simulated periodontitis and elaborate methods of their correction].
Comparative effects of piperine and simvastatin in fat accumulation and antioxidative status in high fat-induced hyperlipidemic rats.
Substantial replacement of lactose with fat in a high-lactose milk replacer diet increases liver fat accumulation but does not affect insulin sensitivity in veal calves.
Fetuin-A downregulates adiponectin through Wnt-PPARγ pathway in lipid induced inflamed adipocyte.
Deletion of exons 3 and 4 in the mouse Nr1d1 gene worsens high-fat diet-induced hepatic steatosis.
Impaired fear extinction retention and increased anxiety-like behaviours induced by limited daily access to a high-fat/high-sugar diet in male rats: Implications for diet-induced prefrontal cortex dysregulation.
Toll-interacting protein deficiency promotes neurodegeneration via impeding autophagy completion in high-fat diet-fed ApoE<sup>-/-</sup> mouse model.
High Levels of Soluble Endoglin Induce a Proinflammatory and Oxidative-Stress Phenotype Associated with Preserved NO-Dependent Vasodilatation in Aortas from Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Mesenchymal stem cell therapy ameliorates diabetic nephropathy via the paracrine effect of renal trophic factors including exosomes.
Optical Coherence Tomography for Brain Imaging and Developmental Biology.
Erratum: High-fat Diet Accelerates Intestinal Tumorigenesis Through Disruption Intestinal Cell Membrane Integrity.
Protective effects of fish oil on pre-diabetes: a lipidomic analysis of liver ceramides in rats.
MiR-181b Antagonizes Atherosclerotic Plaque Vulnerability Through Modulating Macrophage Polarization by Directly Targeting Notch1.
Soy isoflavones (Glycine max) ameliorate hypertriglyceridemia and hepatic steatosis in high fat-fed ovariectomized Wistar rats (an experimental model of postmenopausal obesity).
Zinc oxide nanoparticles and a standard antidiabetic drug restore the function and structure of beta cells in Type-2 diabetes.
Evaluation of Methionine Content in a High-Fat and Choline-Deficient Diet on Body Weight Gain and the Development of Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis in Mice.
Estimates of the direct and indirect cost savings associated with heart disease that could be avoided through dietary change in the United States.
Biochemical studies of Piper betle L leaf extract on obese treated animal using 1H-NMR-based metabolomic approach of blood serum samples.
Maraviroc ameliorates the increased adipose tissue macrophage recruitment induced by a high-fat diet in a mouse model of obesity.
The Combination of Green Tea Extract and Eriodictyol Inhibited High-Fat/High-Sucrose Diet-Induced Cholesterol Upregulation Is Accompanied by Suppression of Cholesterol Synthesis Enzymes.
Impact of Maternal Stress in Pregnancy on Brain Function of the Offspring.
Therapeutic ultrasound reverses peripheral ischemia in type 2 diabetic mice through PI3K-Akt-eNOS pathway.
Effectiveness of a Brief Dietetic Intervention for Hyperlipidaemic Adults Using Individually-Tailored Dietary Feedback.
Sun Exposure and Its Effects on Human Health: Mechanisms through Which Sun Exposure Could Reduce the Risk of Developing Obesity and Cardiometabolic Dysfunction.
Higher chylomicron remnants and LDL particle numbers associate with CD36 SNPs and DNA methylation sites that reduce CD36.
Reduced adiponectin expression after high-fat diet is associated with selective up-regulation of ALDH1A1 and further retinoic acid receptor signaling in adipose tissue.
Anti-atherosclerotic effects of perilla oil in rabbits fed a high-cholesterol diet.
A high-fat high-sucrose diet affects the long-term metabolic fate of grape proanthocyanidins in rats.
Hydroxysafflor yellow A alleviates myocardial ischemia/reperfusion in hyperlipidemic animals through the suppression of TLR4 signaling.
Fatty-acid-mediated hypothalamic inflammation and epigenetic programming.
Preventive effects of dietary walnuts on high-fat-induced hepatic fat accumulation, oxidative stress and apoptosis in mice.
A human model of dietary saturated fatty acid induced insulin resistance.
Cdc2-like kinase 2 in the hypothalamus is necessary to maintain energy homeostasis.
Silymarin Ameliorates Metabolic Dysfunction Associated with Diet-Induced Obesity via Activation of Farnesyl X Receptor.
Progression of atherosclerosis in ApoE-knockout mice fed on a high-fat diet.
Characterization of TGF-β expression and signaling profile in the adipose tissue of rats fed with high-fat and energy-restricted diets.
Restoration of Declined Immune Responses and Hyperlipidemia by <i>Rubus occidenalis</i> in Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Effects of eight weeks of time-restricted feeding (16/8) on basal metabolism, maximal strength, body composition, inflammation, and cardiovascular risk factors in resistance-trained males.
Exchanging a few commercial, regularly consumed food items with improved fat quality reduces total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol: a double-blind, randomised controlled trial.
Alterations in the plasma metabolite profile associated with improved hepatic function and glycemia in mice fed lingonberry supplemented high-fat diets.
Dietary fat preference and effects on performance of piglets at weaning.
The Effects of High-fat-diet Combined with Chronic Unpredictable Mild Stress on Depression-like Behavior and Leptin/LepRb in Male Rats.
Diet-induced obesity increases the frequency of Pig-a mutant erythrocytes in male C57BL/6J mice.
Hedgehog signaling in bone regulates whole-body energy metabolism through a bone-adipose endocrine relay mediated by PTHrP and adiponectin.
Mitochondrial dysfunction in obesity-related kidney disease: a novel therapeutic target.
Bumble bees regulate their intake of essential protein and lipid pollen macronutrients.
Glutaredoxins concomitant with optimal ROS activate AMPK through S-glutathionylation to improve glucose metabolism in type 2 diabetes.
Helicobacter pylori Infection Aggravates Diet-induced Insulin Resistance in Association With Gut Microbiota of Mice.
Functional abolition of carotid body activity restores insulin action and glucose homeostasis in rats: key roles for visceral adipose tissue and the liver.
New Role of Hispidulin in Lipid Metabolism: PPARα Activator.
MiR-130b promotes obesity associated adipose tissue inflammation and insulin resistance in diabetes mice through alleviating M2 macrophage polarization via repression of PPAR-γ.
Anti-obese effects of two Lactobacilli and two Bifidobacteria on ICR mice fed on a high fat diet.
Maternal obesity increases inflammation and exacerbates damage following neonatal hypoxic-ischaemic brain injury in rats.
Altered Left Ventricular Ion Channel Transcriptome in a High-Fat-Fed Rat Model of Obesity: Insight into Obesity-Induced Arrhythmogenesis.
Athletes: Fit but Unhealthy?
Amentoflavone protects against high fat-induced metabolic dysfunction: Possible role of the regulation of adipogenic differentiation.
Dietary low-fat soy milk powder retards diabetic nephropathy progression via inhibition of renal fibrosis and renal inflammation.
An extra virgin olive oil rich diet intervention ameliorates the nonalcoholic steatohepatitis induced by a high-fat 'Western-type' diet in mice.
Urbanization, socioeconomic status and health disparity in China.
Response of gut microbiota and inflammatory status to bitter melon (Momordica charantia L.) in high fat diet induced obese rats.
Supplementation of a Fermented Soybean Extract Reduces Body Mass and Prevents Obesity in High Fat Diet-Induced C57BL/6J Obese Mice.
Ghrelin ameliorates atherosclerosis by inhibiting endoplasmic reticulum stress.
CD36 is upregulated in mice with periodontitis and metabolic syndrome and involved in macrophage gene upregulation by palmitate.
Obesity modifies bone marrow microenvironment and directs bone marrow mesenchymal cells to adipogenesis.
ED 05-2 INTERACTION OF GUT DYSBIOSIS AND INNATE IMMUNE DYSFUNCTION IN THE DEVELOPMENT OF METABOLIC SYNDROME.
BR 04-2 CONCENTRATION-RESPONSE MODELING OF ANTIHYPERTENSIVE DRUGS - IMPLICATION IN CLINICAL DEVELOPMENT.
OS 16-03 CHOLESTEROL, LIPIDS AND LIFE STYLE FACTORS FOR MIDDLE-AGED DYSLIPIDEMIA: MIDDLE AGE DYSLIPIDEMIA TREATMENT PROGRAM (MADTP 2015).
OS 25-01 MR SENSITIVITY IS ENHANCED IN HIGH FAT DIET MICE UNDER EQUALLY-ADJUSTED SALT INTAKE.
OS 25-02 ORIGIN OF NEUROGENIC HYPERTENSION AND THE SYMPATHO-EXCITATION IN DIET INDUCED OBESITY.
OS 29-01 TRANS-GENERATIONAL PROGRAMMING OF OBESITY RELATED HYPERTENSION: AMPLIFICATION OF LEPTIN SIGNALLING PATHWAY.
ME 03-2 HIGH SALT INTAKE AS A CAUSE OF OBESITY.
SY 16-1 DIETARY APPROACHES TO PREVENT AND CONTROL ELEVATED BLOOD PRESSURE.
BR 08-1 HIGH SODIUM INTAKE REDUCTION IN DIABETES WITH HYPERTENSION.
Development of an Advanced HPLC-MS/MS Method for the Determination of Carotenoids and Fat-Soluble Vitamins in Human Plasma.
Effect of Green Tea Extract on Systemic Metabolic Homeostasis in Diet-Induced Obese Mice Determined via RNA-Seq Transcriptome Profiles.
Selective Inhibition of Autotaxin Is Efficacious in Mouse Models of Liver Fibrosis.
Differential effects of hypercaloric choice diets on insulin sensitivity in rats.
miRNA-27b modulates endothelial cell angiogenesis by directly targeting Naa15 in atherogenesis.
Dietary polyunsaturated fatty acids and incidence of end-stage renal disease in the Southern Community Cohort Study.
Suboptimal nutrition in early life affects the inflammatory gene expression profile and behavioral responses to stressors.
New insights into therapeutic strategies for gut microbiota modulation in inflammatory diseases.
Comparative evaluation of anti-obesity effect of <i>Aloe vera</i> and <i>Gymnema sylvestre</i> supplementation in high-fat diet fed C57BL/6J mice.
The Effect of Pueraria Lobata/Rehmannia Glutinosa and Exercise on Fatty Acid Transporters Expression in Ovariectomized Rats Skeletal Muscles.
Improvement in glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity by probiotic strains of Indian gut origin in high-fat diet-fed C57BL/6J mice.
Diet-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease affects expression of major cytochrome P450 genes in a mouse model.
LncRNA SRA promotes hepatic steatosis through repressing the expression of adipose triglyceride lipase (ATGL).
Changes in bone macro- and microstructure in diabetic obese mice revealed by high resolution microfocus X-ray computed tomography.
Factor XIII-A transglutaminase deficient mice show signs of metabolically healthy obesity on high fat diet.
Ketogenic diet for epilepsy treatment.
Insulin receptor Thr1160 phosphorylation mediates lipid-induced hepatic insulin resistance.
A Mathematical Model of the Liver Circadian Clock Linking Feeding and Fasting Cycles to Clock Function.
[Alterations of mTOR pathway and autophagy in early type 2 diabetic cardiomyopathy in rats].
Potential Therapeutic Agents for the Treatment of Fatty Degeneration of Liver and Atheromatous Plaques: An Experimental Study in Rats.
Prolonged Calorie Restriction Downregulates Skeletal Muscle mTORC1 Signaling Independent of Dietary Protein Intake and Associated microRNA Expression.
Ezetimibe reduced hepatic steatosis induced by dietary oxysterols in nonhuman primates.
Anti-oxidant and anti-hyperlipidemic activity of <i>Hemidesmus indicus</i> in rats fed with high-fat diet.
Effect of Alkaloids from Nelumbinis Plumula against Insulin Resistance of High-Fat Diet-Induced Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Mice.
Thymol improves high-fat diet-induced cognitive deficits in mice via ameliorating brain insulin resistance and upregulating NRF2/HO-1 pathway.
TREM-1 links dyslipidemia to inflammation and lipid deposition in atherosclerosis.
miR-138/miR-222 Overexpression Characterizes the miRNome of Amniotic Mesenchymal Stem Cells in Obesity.
The effects of high-fat diets composed of different animal and vegetable fat sources on the health status and tissue lipid profiles of male Japanese quail (<i>Coturnix coturnix japonica</i>).
The chloroform extract of Cyclocarya paliurus attenuates high-fat diet induced non-alcoholic hepatic steatosis in Sprague Dawley rats.
Binge-like intake of HFD attenuates alcohol intake in rats.
Isocaloric Diets High in Animal or Plant Protein Reduce Liver Fat and Inflammation in Individuals With Type 2 Diabetes.
Exercise Does Not Protect against Peripheral and Central Effects of a High Cholesterol Diet Given <i>Ad libitum</i> in Old ApoE<sup>-/-</sup> Mice.
SREBP-2/PNPLA8 axis improves non-alcoholic fatty liver disease through activation of autophagy.
Effects of a 12-week aerobic exercise intervention on eating behaviour, food cravings, and 7-day energy intake and energy expenditure in inactive men.
Unusual sub-genus associations of faecal Prevotella and Bacteroides with specific dietary patterns.
Esculetin prevents non-alcoholic fatty liver in diabetic mice fed high-fat diet.
Dietary fat composition, total body fat and regional body fat distribution in two Caucasian populations of middle-aged and older adult women.
Protective effects of saffron extract and crocin supplementation on fatty liver tissue of high-fat diet-induced obese rats.
Short communication: Hypolipidemic and antiinflammatory effects of fermented Maillard reaction products by Lactobacillus fermentum H9 in an animal model.
Effects of nutrient intake level on mammary parenchyma growth and gene expression in crossbred (Holstein × Gyr) prepubertal heifers.
High fat diet induces brain insulin resistance and cognitive impairment in mice.
A murine model of type 2 diabetes mellitus developed using a combination of high fat diet and multiple low doses of streptozotocin treatment mimics the metabolic characteristics of type 2 diabetes mellitus in humans.
Appetite and weight gain suppression effects of alcohol depend on the route and pattern of administration in Long Evans rats.
High fat induces acute and chronic inflammation in the hypothalamus: effect of high-fat diet, palmitate and TNF-α on appetite-regulating NPY neurons.
Hyperglycemia Induced by Glucokinase Deficiency Accelerates Atherosclerosis Development and Impairs Lesion Regression in Combined Heterozygous Glucokinase and the Apolipoprotein E-Knockout Mice.
Association between sucrose intake and acute coronary event risk and effect modification by lifestyle factors: Malmö Diet and Cancer Cohort Study.
Antibiotic effects on gut microbiota and metabolism are host dependent.
Nutrient Intake Is Insufficient among Senegalese Urban School Children and Adolescents: Results from Two 24 h Recalls in State Primary Schools in Dakar.
Urine metabolomics of high-fat diet induced obesity using UHPLC-Q-TOF-MS.
Epigenome-wide association study of triglyceride postprandial responses to a high-fat dietary challenge.
Role for hepatic CEACAM1 in regulating fatty acid metabolism along the adipocyte-hepatocyte axis.
Soshiho-Tang Aqueous Extract Exerts Antiobesity Effects in High Fat Diet-Fed Mice and Inhibits Adipogenesis in 3T3-L1 Adipocytes.
Dietary green-plant thylakoids decrease gastric emptying and gut transit, promote changes in the gut microbial flora, but does not cause steatorrhea.
Comparison of maternal isocaloric high carbohydrate and high fat diets on osteogenic and adipogenic genes expression in adolescent mice offspring.
Multivariate analysis and molecular interaction of curcumin with PPARγ in high fructose diet induced insulin resistance in rats.
Disabled-2 Determines Commitment of a Pre-adipocyte Population in Juvenile Mice.
Maternal high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation had gender difference effect on adiponectin in rat offspring.
Examining Diet-Related Care Practices Among Adults with Type 2 Diabetes: A Focus on Glycemic Index Choices.
Differential effects of angiotensin receptor blockers on pancreatic islet remodelling and glucose homeostasis in diet-induced obese mice.
Age-related changes in acute central leptin effects on energy balance are promoted by obesity.
Activation of β3-adrenoceptors increases in vivo free fatty acid uptake and utilization in brown but not white fat depots in high-fat-fed rats.
Nutritional Education Needs in Relation to Ramadan Fasting and Its Complications in Tehran, Iran.
Sex and seasonal differences in diet and nutrient intake in Verreaux's sifakas (Propithecus verreauxi).
Influence of a high-fat diet on cardiac iNOS in female rats.
The influence of socio-demographic, psychological and knowledge-related variables alongside perceived cooking and food skills abilities in the prediction of diet quality in adults: a nationally representative cross-sectional study.
Characterisation of Fecal Soap Fatty Acids, Calcium Contents, Bacterial Community and Short-Chain Fatty Acids in Sprague Dawley Rats Fed with Different sn-2 Palmitic Triacylglycerols Diets.
α/β-Hydrolase Domain 6 in the Ventromedial Hypothalamus Controls Energy Metabolism Flexibility.
Glycine protects against high sucrose and high fat-induced non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in rats.
Glucocorticoid Receptor β Induces Hepatic Steatosis by Augmenting Inflammation and Inhibition of the Peroxisome Proliferator-activated Receptor (PPAR) α.
Exploring the Lean Phenotype of Glutathione-Depleted Mice: Thiol, Amino Acid and Fatty Acid Profiles.
MRI/optical dual-modality imaging of vulnerable atherosclerotic plaque with an osteopontin-targeted probe based on Fe<sub>3</sub>O<sub>4</sub> nanoparticles.
Effect of dietary supplementation of Padauk (Pterocarpus soyauxii) leaf on high fat diet/streptozotocin induced diabetes in rats' brain and platelets.
[Effect of JAZF1 over-expression on high-fat diet-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease].
Apocynin and enzymatically modified isoquercitrin suppress the expression of a NADPH oxidase subunit p22phox in steatosis-related preneoplastic liver foci of rats.
Pleiotropic protective effects of Vitamin D against high fat diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rats: One for all.
MTUS1 silencing promotes E-selectin production through p38 MAPK-dependent CREB ubiquitination in endothelial cells.
Expression profile of hepatic genes related to lipid homeostasis in LSR heterozygous mice contributes to their increased response to high-fat diet.
Chronic photoperiod disruption does not increase vulnerability to focal cerebral ischemia in young normotensive rats.
Adolescent Maturational Transitions in the Prefrontal Cortex and Dopamine Signaling as a Risk Factor for the Development of Obesity and High Fat/High Sugar Diet Induced Cognitive Deficits.
Identification of natural products with neuronal and metabolic benefits through autophagy induction.
Theobromine-Induced Changes in A1 Purinergic Receptor Gene Expression and Distribution in a Rat Brain Alzheimer's Disease Model.
The Energy Content and Composition of Meals Consumed after an Overnight Fast and Their Effects on Diet Induced Thermogenesis: A Systematic Review, Meta-Analyses and Meta-Regressions.
Piceatannol Exerts Anti-Obesity Effects in C57BL/6 Mice through Modulating Adipogenic Proteins and Gut Microbiota.
Herbal Formula HT048 Attenuates Diet-Induced Obesity by Improving Hepatic Lipid Metabolism and Insulin Resistance in Obese Rats.
Maternal Dietary Vitamin D Does Not Program Systemic Inflammation and Bone Health in Adult Female Mice Fed an Obesogenic Diet.
Fermented Platycodon grandiflorum Extract Inhibits Lipid Accumulation in 3T3-L1 Adipocytes and High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress-induced neuronal inflammatory response and apoptosis likely plays a key role in the development of diabetic encephalopathy.
Diet as a Trigger or Therapy for Inflammatory Bowel Diseases.
Polyphenol-rich virgin olive oil reduces insulin resistance and liver inflammation and improves mitochondrial dysfunction in high-fat diet fed rats.
Long-term treatment with the beta-3 adrenoceptor agonist, mirabegron ameliorates detrusor overactivity and restores cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) levels in obese mice.
Infection with the Lyme disease pathogen suppresses innate immunity in mice with diet-induced obesity.
Effects of crude hydroalcoholic extract of Syzygium cumini (L.) Skeels leaves and continuous aerobic training in rats with diabetes induced by a high-fat diet and low doses of streptozotocin.
Attenuation of diet-induced obesity and induction of white fat browning with a chemical inhibitor of histone deacetylases.
The effect of abscisic acid chronic treatment on neuroinflammatory markers and memory in a rat model of high-fat diet induced neuroinflammation.
Hepatic transcriptome implications for palm fruit juice deterrence of type 2 diabetes mellitus in young male Nile rats.
C1q/TNF-Related Protein 9 Protects Diabetic Rat Heart against Ischemia Reperfusion Injury: Role of Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress.
Effect of dietary energy levels and phase feeding by protein levels on growth performance, blood profiles and carcass characteristics in growing-finishing pigs.
Ubc13 haploinsufficiency protects against age-related insulin resistance and high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Metabolomics reveals the protective of Dihydromyricetin on glucose homeostasis by enhancing insulin sensitivity.
Differential impact of obesity on the pathogenesis of RA or preclinical models is contingent on the disease status.
Effect of a Mediterranean diet on endothelial progenitor cells and carotid intima-media thickness in type 2 diabetes: Follow-up of a randomized trial.
Runner's diarrhea: what is it, what causes it, and how can it be prevented?
Hepatocyte-specific, PPARγ-regulated mechanisms to promote steatosis in adult mice.
Paradoxical leanness in the imprinting-centre deletion mouse model for Prader-Willi syndrome.
Exceptionally elevated triglyceride in severe lipemia retinalis.
Histone macroH2A1.2 promotes metabolic health and leanness by inhibiting adipogenesis.
Tocotrienol-Rich Tocomin Attenuates Oxidative Stress and Improves Endothelium-Dependent Relaxation in Aortae from Rats Fed a High-Fat Western Diet.
KCNMA1, a pore-forming α-subunit of BK channels, regulates insulin signalling in mature adipocytes.
Supplementation of oligofructose, but not sucralose, decreases high-fat diet induced body weight gain in mice independent of gustducin-mediated gut hormone release.
Vertical sleeve gastrectomy improves indices of metabolic disease in rodent model of surgical menopause.
Liver Fatty Acid Composition and Inflammation in Mice Fed with High-Carbohydrate Diet or High-Fat Diet.
Mitochondrial Abnormalities and Synaptic Loss Underlie Memory Deficits Seen in Mouse Models of Obesity and Alzheimer's Disease.
The role of dietary fat in obesity-induced insulin resistance.
Strong antineoplastic effects of metformin in preclinical models of liver carcinogenesis.
Defective adaptive thermogenesis contributes to metabolic syndrome and liver steatosis in obese mice.
Metformin Reduces Lipogenesis Markers in Obese Mice Fed a Low-Carbohydrate and High-Fat Diet.
Effects of canola and high-oleic-acid canola oils on abdominal fat mass in individuals with central obesity.
Cardiac-specific down-regulation of carnitine palmitoyltransferase-1b (CPT-1b) prevents cardiac remodeling in obese mice.
Harmine Induces Adipocyte Thermogenesis through RAC1-MEK-ERK-CHD4 Axis.
Inulin oligofructose attenuates metabolic syndrome in high-carbohydrate, high-fat diet-fed rats.
Prolactin Promotes Adipose Tissue Fitness and Insulin Sensitivity in Obese Males.
Fatty acid synthesis configures the plasma membrane for inflammation in diabetes.
Maternal high fat diet deficient in vitamin B<sub>12</sub> influences long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid composition in rats.
Dietary α-linolenic acid supplementation alters skeletal muscle plasma membrane lipid composition, sarcolemmal FAT/CD36 abundance, and palmitate transport rates.
High-fat diet-induced glucose dysregulation is independent of changes in islet ACE2 in mice.
Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet Supplemented with Resistant Starch Display Marked Shifts in the Liver Metabolome Concurrent with Altered Gut Bacteria.
Effect of combined use of Fructus Schisandrae and statin on high-fat-diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rats.
A High Protein Diet Has No Harmful Effects: A One-Year Crossover Study in Resistance-Trained Males.
Mice lacking myotubularin-related protein 14 show accelerated high-fat diet-induced lipid accumulation and inflammation.
Glucose tolerance female-specific QTL mapped in collaborative cross mice.
Protective Effect of Genistein against Neuronal Degeneration in ApoE<sup>-/-</sup> Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Agmatine ameliorates type 2 diabetes induced-Alzheimer's disease-like alterations in high-fat diet-fed mice via reactivation of blunted insulin signalling.
Impact of intermittent fasting on health and disease processes.
Weight gain in mice on a high caloric diet and chronically treated with omeprazole depends on sex and genetic background.
A glucocorticoid- and diet-responsive pathway toggles adipocyte precursor cell activity in vivo.
Fibroblast growth factor 21 reverses suppression of adiponectin expression via inhibiting endoplasmic reticulum stress in adipose tissue of obese mice.
Genetic and hormonal control of hepatic steatosis in female and male mice.
Effect of elevated dietary amino acid levels in high canola meal diets on productive traits and cecal microbiota population of broiler chickens in a pair-feeding study.
Genomic Variants Associated with Resistance to High Fat Diet Induced Obesity in a Primate Model.
Nutrition, oxidative stress and intestinal dysbiosis: Influence of diet on gut microbiota in inflammatory bowel diseases.
Daesiho-Tang Is an Effective Herbal Formulation in Attenuation of Obesity in Mice through Alteration of Gene Expression and Modulation of Intestinal Microbiota.
A 90-Day Feeding Study in Rats to Assess the Safety of Genetically Engineered Pork.
Associations between omega fatty acid consumption and depressive symptoms among individuals seeking behavioural weight loss treatment.
Effects of Activity-Based Personalized Nutrition Education on Dietary Behaviors and Blood Parameters in Middle-Aged and Older Type 2 Diabetes Korean Outpatients.
A high fat diet does not affect the iron bioavailability in Wistar rats fed with chia and increases gene expression of iron metabolism proteins.
The modulatory effect of infusions of green tea, oolong tea, and black tea on gut microbiota in high-fat-induced obese mice.
Dietary fructose-induced hepatocellular carcinoma development manifested in mice lacking apoptosis inhibitor of macrophage (AIM).
Protective effects of Angelica sinensis polysaccharide against hyperglycemia and liver injury in multiple low-dose streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetic BALB/c mice.
Gender-Specific Mechanisms Underlying the Amelioration of High-Fat Diet-Induced Glucose Intolerance in B-Cell-Activating Factor Deficient Mice.
Sperm microRNA Content Is Altered in a Mouse Model of Male Obesity, but the Same Suite of microRNAs Are Not Altered in Offspring's Sperm.
Ex vivo study of acoustic radiation force impulse imaging elastography for evaluation of rat liver with steatosis.
Ablation of PPP1R3G reduces glycogen deposition and mitigates high-fat diet induced obesity.
Inhibiting Insulin-Mediated β2-Adrenergic Receptor Activation Prevents Diabetes-Associated Cardiac Dysfunction.
Partial deficiency of CTRP12 alters hepatic lipid metabolism.
Postprandial serum endotoxin in healthy humans is modulated by dietary fat in a randomized, controlled, cross-over study.
GAPDH-mediated posttranscriptional regulations of sodium channel Scn1a and Scn3a genes under seizure and ketogenic diet conditions.
Oral administration of a non-absorbable plant cell-expressed recombinant anti-TNF fusion protein induces immunomodulatory effects and alleviates nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
Methodological considerations when studying the skeletal response to glucose intolerance using the diet-induced obesity model.
<i>In Vivo</i> Antihypercholesterolemic Potential of <i>Swietenia mahagoni</i> Leaf Extract.
Inhibition of citrate cotransporter Slc13a5/mINDY by RNAi improves hepatic insulin sensitivity and prevents diet-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mice.
Depot-specific differences in angiogenic capacity of adipose tissue in differential susceptibility to diet-induced obesity.
Obesity accelerates T cell senescence in murine visceral adipose tissue.
High fat diet induced atherosclerosis is accompanied with low colonic bacterial diversity and altered abundances that correlates with plaque size, plasma A-FABP and cholesterol: a pilot study of high fat diet and its intervention with Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG (LGG) or telmisartan in ApoE<sup>-/-</sup> mice.
Nutritional management of hyperapoB.
Evaluating the effects of refined carbohydrate and fat diets with acute ethanol consumption using a mouse model of alcoholic liver injury.
A novel diet-induced murine model of steatohepatitis with fibrosis for screening and evaluation of drug candidates for nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
Tet methylcytosine dioxygenase 2 inhibits atherosclerosis via upregulation of autophagy in ApoE-/- mice.
Interactions of exercise training and high-fat diet on adiponectin forms and muscle receptors in mice.
Monitoring for compliance with a ketogenic diet: what is the best time of day to test for urinary ketosis?
Levels of Cocaine- and Amphetamine-Regulated Transcript in Vagal Afferents in the Mouse Are Unaltered in Response to Metabolic Challenges.
Farnesoid X Receptor Signaling Shapes the Gut Microbiota and Controls Hepatic Lipid Metabolism.
Phosphorylation and subcellular localization of Na<sup>+</sup>/H<sup>+</sup> exchanger isoform 3 (NHE<sub>3</sub>) are associated with altered gallbladder absorptive function after formation of cholesterol gallstones.
Lycium barbarum polysaccharide attenuates high-fat diet-induced hepatic steatosis by up-regulating SIRT1 expression and deacetylase activity.
Ability of Lactobacillus plantarum LS/07 to modify intestinal enzymes activity in chronic diseases prevention.
Antioxidant Treatment Improves Cardiac Dysfunction in a Murine Model of Premature Aging.
Pubertal and adult windows of susceptibility to a high animal fat diet in Trp53-null mammary tumorigenesis.
Altered autophagy and sympathetic innervation in salivary glands from high-fat diet mice.
Nuclear receptor retinoid-related orphan receptor α deficiency exacerbates high-fat diet-induced cardiac dysfunction despite improving metabolic abnormality.
The effects on weight loss and gene expression in adipose and hepatic tissues of very-low carbohydrate and low-fat isoenergetic diets in diet-induced obese mice.
Antidiabetic effects of <i>Mangifera indica</i> Kernel Flour-supplemented diet in streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetes in rats.
Obesity-induced kidney injury is attenuated by amelioration of aberrant PHD2 activation in proximal tubules.
Kupffer cells facilitate the acute effects of leptin on hepatic lipid metabolism.
Fto-Deficiency Affects the Gene and MicroRNA Expression Involved in Brown Adipogenesis and Browning of White Adipose Tissue in Mice.
5,7-Dimethoxyflavone Attenuates Obesity by Inhibiting Adipogenesis in 3T3-L1 Adipocytes and High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese C57BL/6J Mice.
NaoXinTong Enhances Atorvastatin-induced Plaque Stability While Ameliorating Atorvastatin-induced Hepatic Inflammation.
Associations of daily sleep duration and dietary macronutrient consumption with obesity and dyslipidemia in Koreans: A cross-sectional study.
Galectin-3 Blockade Reduces Renal Fibrosis in Two Normotensive Experimental Models of Renal Damage.
Effect of high fat diet on pulmonary expression of parathyroid hormone-related protein and its downstream targets.
Oleogels, A Promising Structured Oils For Decreasing Saturated Fatty Acid Concentrations: Production and Food-Based Applications.
A link between adipogenesis and innate immunity: RNase-L promotes 3T3-L1 adipogenesis by destabilizing Pref-1 mRNA.
The anti-inflammatory vasostatin-2 attenuates atherosclerosis in ApoE<sup>-/-</sup> mice and inhibits monocyte/macrophage recruitment.
17β-Estradiol suppresses visceral adipogenesis and activates brown adipose tissue-specific gene expression.
A Novel Selective Inhibitor of Delta-5 Desaturase Lowers Insulin Resistance and Reduces Body Weight in Diet-Induced Obese C57BL/6J Mice.
Cordyceps militaris Treatment Preserves Renal Function in Type 2 Diabetic Nephropathy Mice.
Diets High in Fat or Fructose Differentially Modulate Bone Health and Lipid Metabolism.
Effect of nutritionally induced hyperlipidaemia on in vitro bovine embryo quality depends on the type of major fatty acid in the diet.
Decreased MiR-155 Level in the Peripheral Blood of Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Patients may Serve as a Biomarker and may Influence LXR Activity.
Acute Overfeeding Does Not Alter Liver or Adipose Tissue-Derived Cytokines in Healthy Humans.
Obesity-induced cardiac lipid accumulation in adult mice is modulated by G protein-coupled receptor kinase 2 levels.
Adiponectin administration prevents weight gain and glycemic profile changes in diet-induced obese immune deficient Rag1-/- mice lacking mature lymphocytes.
Time-restricted feeding improves insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis in a mouse model of postmenopausal obesity.
Studies on the regulation of lipid metabolism and its mechanism of the iridoids rich fraction in Valeriana jatamansi Jones.
Eicosapentaenoic acid regulates brown adipose tissue metabolism in high-fat-fed mice and in clonal brown adipocytes.
Western diet enhances intestinal tumorigenesis in Min/+ mice, associating with mucosal metabolic and inflammatory stress and loss of Apc heterozygosity.
Contributions of Streptococcus mutans Cnm and PA antigens to aggravation of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in mice.
Effects of a high fat diet on intestinal microbiota and gastrointestinal diseases.
Hypoxic Exercise Training Promotes apelin/APJ Expression in Skeletal Muscles of High Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
High concentration of vitamin E supplementation in sow diet during the last week of gestation and lactation affects the immunological variables and antioxidative parameters in piglets.
Serum Adiponectin Levels and Cardiorespiratory Fitness in Nonoverweight and Overweight Portuguese Adolescents: The LabMed Physical Activity Study.
Stearoyl-CoA Desaturase-1 Protects Cells against Lipotoxicity-Mediated Apoptosis in Proximal Tubular Cells.
Relevance of Morning and Evening Energy and Macronutrient Intake during Childhood for Body Composition in Early Adolescence.
Intermittent fasting reduces body fat but exacerbates hepatic insulin resistance in young rats regardless of high protein and fat diets.
Diabetes mellitus influences the expression of NPY and VEGF in neurons of rat trigeminal ganglion.
Anti-obesity effect of radix Angelica sinensis and candidate causative genes in transcriptome analyses of adipose tissues in high-fat diet-induced mice.
Methionine sulfoxide reductase B1 deficiency does not increase high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance in mice.
Comparative proteomic analyses of the parietal lobe from rhesus monkeys fed a high-fat/sugar diet with and without resveratrol supplementation, relative to a healthy diet: Insights into the roles of unhealthy diets and resveratrol on function.
Metabolic dysfunction following weight cycling in male mice.
Bergapten exerts inhibitory effects on diabetes-related osteoporosis via the regulation of the PI3K/AKT, JNK/MAPK and NF-κB signaling pathways in osteoprotegerin knockout mice.
Effect of exercise intensity on postprandial lipemia, markers of oxidative stress, and endothelial function after a high-fat meal.
Energy-dense diets increase FGF23, lead to phosphorus retention and promote vascular calcifications in rats.
11β-Hydroxysteroid Dehydrogenase Type 1(11β-HSD1) mediates insulin resistance through JNK activation in adipocytes.
Prevalence of Hypertension and Associated Risk Factors among Rural Bapedi Women in Sekhukhune Area, Limpopo Province, South Africa.
Genetic Variations of Circulating Adiponectin Levels Modulate Changes in Appetite in Response to Weight-Loss Diets.
Obese Neuronal PPARγ Knockout Mice Are Leptin Sensitive but Show Impaired Glucose Tolerance and Fertility.
Metformin preconditioned adipose derived mesenchymal stem cells is a better option for the reversal of diabetes upon transplantation.
Branched Chain Amino Acids Cause Liver Injury in Obese/Diabetic Mice by Promoting Adipocyte Lipolysis and Inhibiting Hepatic Autophagy.
Regulation of Autophagy-Related Protein and Cell Differentiation by High Mobility Group Box 1 Protein in Adipocytes.
Remission of pre-diabetes to normal glucose tolerance in obese adults with high protein versus high carbohydrate diet: randomized control trial.
Swimming Exercise Alleviated Insulin Resistance by Regulating Tripartite Motif Family Protein 72 Expression and AKT Signal Pathway in Sprague-Dawley Rats Fed with High-Fat Diet.
Western High-Fat Diet Consumption during Adolescence Increases Susceptibility to Traumatic Stress while Selectively Disrupting Hippocampal and Ventricular Volumes.
[POPULATION MONITORING OF THE HEALTH SHAPING ENVIRONMENT OF THE STUDENTS OF NAGORNO KARABAKH].
MicroRNA-124 promotes hepatic triglyceride accumulation through targeting tribbles homolog 3.
Differentiating brown and white adipose tissues by high-resolution diffusion NMR spectroscopy.
CST, an Herbal Formula, Exerts Anti-Obesity Effects through Brain-Gut-Adipose Tissue Axis Modulation in High-Fat Diet Fed Mice.
The effect of green tea polyphenols on gut microbial diversity and fat deposition in C57BL/6J HFA mice.
Small HDL subclasses become cholesterol-poor during postprandial period after a fat diet intake in subjects with high triglyceridemia increases.
Grape seed and skin extract reduces pancreas lipotoxicity, oxidative stress and inflammation in high fat diet fed rats.
Schisandrin B: A Double-Edged Sword in Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Knockout of arsenic (+3 oxidation state) methyltransferase is associated with adverse metabolic phenotype in mice: the role of sex and arsenic exposure.
Calcium Reduces Liver Injury in Mice on a High-Fat Diet: Alterations in Microbial and Bile Acid Profiles.
Adipose Snail1 Regulates Lipolysis and Lipid Partitioning by Suppressing Adipose Triacylglycerol Lipase Expression.
Ischemic preconditioning attenuates ischemia/reperfusion injury in rat steatotic liver: role of heme oxygenase-1-mediated autophagy.
Schisandra polysaccharide inhibits hepatic lipid accumulation by downregulating expression of SREBPs in NAFLD mice.
Energy restriction combined with dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor exerts neuroprotection in obese male rats.
Foetal programming by methyl donor deficiency produces steato-hepatitis in rats exposed to high fat diet.
Novel Podophyllotoxin Derivatives as Partial PPARγ Agonists and their Effects on Insulin Resistance and Type 2 Diabetes.
A High-Fat High-Sucrose Diet Rapidly Alters Muscle Integrity, Inflammation and Gut Microbiota in Male Rats.
Hepatocellular carcinoma is accelerated by NASH involving M2 macrophage polarization mediated by hif-1<b>α</b>induced IL-10.
Amiata Donkey Milk Chain: Animal Health Evaluation and Milk Quality.
Inflammation, but not recruitment, of adipose tissue macrophages requires signalling through Mac-1 (CD11b/CD18) in diet-induced obesity (DIO).
Dietary sphingomyelin attenuates hepatic steatosis and adipose tissue inflammation in high-fat-diet-induced obese mice.
A high-fat diet temporarily renders Sod1-deficient mice resistant to an oxidative insult.
Genetic dissection of the fatty liver QTL Fl1sa by using congenic mice and identification of candidate genes in the liver and epididymal fat.
Lowering effects of aspirin eugenol ester on blood lipids in rats with high fat diet.
Short Sleep Duration is Associated with Eating More Carbohydrates and Less Dietary Fat in Mexican American Children.
Map3k8 Modulates Monocyte State and Atherogenesis in ApoE-/- Mice.
PPARδ Is Required for Exercise to Attenuate Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress and Endothelial Dysfunction in Diabetic Mice.
MicroRNA-155 Deficiency Leads to Decreased Atherosclerosis, Increased White Adipose Tissue Obesity, and Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A NOVEL MOUSE MODEL OF OBESITY PARADOX.
Regulation of Pyruvate Dehydrogenase Kinase 4 in the Heart through Degradation by the Lon Protease in Response to Mitochondrial Substrate Availability.
Paradoxical dissociation between heart rate and heart rate variability following different modalities of exercise in individuals with metabolic syndrome: The RESOLVE study.
Taurine Treatment Modulates Circadian Rhythms in Mice Fed A High Fat Diet.
Lactobacillus plantarum HAC01 regulates gut microbiota and adipose tissue accumulation in a diet-induced obesity murine model.
High fat diet and exercise lead to a disrupted and pathogenic DNA methylome in mouse liver.
Interferon beta overexpression attenuates adipose tissue inflammation and high-fat diet-induced obesity and maintains glucose homeostasis.
Connexin32 deficiency is associated with liver injury, inflammation and oxidative stress in experimental non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Undernourishment in utero and hepatic steatosis in later life: A potential issue in Japanese people.
Plane of nutrition affects growth rate, organ size and skeletal muscle satellite cell activity in newborn calves.
Alcohol and dietary factors associate with gut integrity and inflammation in HIV-infected adults.
Impact of Subnormothermic Machine Perfusion Preservation in Severely Steatotic Rat Livers: A Detailed Assessment in an Isolated Setting.
Docosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid are positively associated with insulin sensitivity in rats fed high-fat and high-fructose diets.
Dietary intakes in children born small for gestational age and appropriate for gestational age: a longitudinal study.
CLIC1 Inhibition Attenuates Vascular Inflammation, Oxidative Stress, and Endothelial Injury.
Fabp1 gene ablation inhibits high-fat diet-induced increase in brain endocannabinoids.
Prevention of hepatic fibrosis with liver microsomal triglyceride transfer protein deletion in liver fatty acid binding protein null mice.
TNF and IL-18 cytokines may regulate liver fat storage under homeostasis conditions.
A diet-induced Sprague-Dawley rat model of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis-related cirrhosis.
Long-term exposition to a high fat diet favors the appearance of β-amyloid depositions in the brain of C57BL/6J mice. A potential model of sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
TRPV1 participates in the activation of clock molecular machinery in the brown adipose tissue in response to light-dark cycle.
Glial cells and energy balance.
The fruit of Acanthopanax senticosus (Rupr. et Maxim.) Harms improves insulin resistance and hepatic lipid accumulation by modulation of liver adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase activity and lipogenic gene expression in high-fat diet-fed obese mice.
Antioxidant properties of tea blunt ROS-dependent lipogenesis: beneficial effect on hepatic steatosis in a high fat-high sucrose diet NAFLD obese rat model.
High-fat Western diet-induced obesity contributes to increased tumor growth in mouse models of human colon cancer.
A high-fat diet differentially regulates glutathione phenotypes in the obesity-prone mouse strains DBA/2J, C57BL/6J, and AKR/J.
Epac2a-null mice exhibit obesity-prone nature more susceptible to leptin resistance.
The ATP-sensitive K channel is seizure protective and required for effective dietary therapy in a model of mitochondrial encephalomyopathy.
Markers of Islet Endothelial Dysfunction Occur in Male B6.BKS(D)-Leprdb/J Mice and May Contribute to Reduced Insulin Release.
Root bark of Morus alba ameliorates the depressive-like behaviors in diabetic rats.
PLD1 regulates adipogenic differentiation through mTOR - IRS-1 phosphorylation at serine 636/639.
Data on spermatogenesis in rat males gestationally exposed to bisphenol A and high fat diets.
Fatty acids in a high-fat diet potentially induce gastric parietal-cell damage and metaplasia in mice.
Physical exercise remodels visceral adipose tissue and mitochondrial lipid metabolism in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Resveratrol enhances brown adipocyte formation and function by activating AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) α1 in mice fed high-fat diet.
Glutamate dehydrogenase activator BCH stimulating reductive amination prevents high fat/high fructose diet-induced steatohepatitis and hyperglycemia in C57BL/6J mice.
Vildagliptin and caloric restriction for cardioprotection in pre-diabetic rats.
Exercise Attenuates High-Fat Diet-induced Disease Progression in 3xTg-AD Mice.
Impact of Acute Dietary Manipulations on DXA and BIA Body Composition Estimates.
Conditional knockout of TFPI-1 in VSMCs of mice accelerates atherosclerosis by enhancing AMOT/YAP pathway.
Melatonin improves non-alcoholic fatty liver disease via MAPK-JNK/P38 signaling in high-fat-diet-induced obese mice.
A randomised-controlled trial of the effects of very low-carbohydrate and high-carbohydrate diets on cognitive performance in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Beneficial effects of Plantago albicans on high-fat diet-induced obesity in rats.
The protective effect of 1alpha, 25-dihydroxyvitamin d3 and metformin on liver in type 2 diabetic rats.
Canagliflozin, a sodium glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor, attenuates obesity-induced inflammation in the nodose ganglion, hypothalamus, and skeletal muscle of mice.
Behavioral changes in male mice fed a high-fat diet are associated with IL-1β expression in specific brain regions.
<i>Ocimum gratissmum</i> aqueous extract reduces plasma lipid in hypercholesterol-fed hamsters.
Cerebral Ketone Body Oxidation Is Facilitated by a High Fat Diet Enriched with Advanced Glycation End Products in Normal and Diabetic Rats.
Regulated Inflammation and Lipid Metabolism in Colon mRNA Expressions of Obese Germfree Mice Responding to <i>Enterobacter cloacae</i> B29 Combined with the High Fat Diet.
Role of Tissue-Specific Stem and Progenitor Cells in the Regeneration of the Pancreas and Testicular Tissue in Diabetic Disorders.
Nanoselenium Supplementation of Heat-Stressed Broilers: Effects on Performance, Carcass Characteristics, Blood Metabolites, Immune Response, Antioxidant Status, and Jejunal Morphology.
High-fat diet-induced obesity regulates MMP3 to modulate depot- and sex-dependent adipose expansion in C57BL/6J mice.
Anti-atherosclerosis and cardio-protective effects of the Angong Niuhuang Pill on a high fat and vitamin D3 induced rodent model of atherosclerosis.
A novel glucagon-like peptide 1/glucagon receptor dual agonist improves steatohepatitis and liver regeneration in mice.
Intrauterine growth restriction influences vascular remodeling and stiffening in the weanling rat more than sex or diet.
Dairy Food Intake Is Associated with Reproductive Hormones and Sporadic Anovulation among Healthy Premenopausal Women.
Anti-obesity effects of Arctii Fructus (Arctium lappa) in white/brown adipocytes and high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Anti-hyperlipidemia and antioxidant activities of Amygdalus pedunculata seed oil.
A review of recent evidence relating to sugars, insulin resistance and diabetes.
Muscular fitness and metabolic and inflammatory biomarkers in adolescents: Results from LabMed Physical Activity Study.
Mucosa-associated biohydrogenating microbes protect the simulated colon microbiome from stress associated with high concentrations of poly-unsaturated fat.
Relationship between FGF21 and UCP1 levels under time-restricted feeding and high-fat diet.
Aloe QDM complex enhances specific cytotoxic T lymphocyte killing in vivo in metabolic disease mice.
The Eating-Disorder Associated HDAC4<sup>A778T</sup> Mutation Alters Feeding Behaviors in Female Mice.
Effects of Changing the Amount and Source of Dietary Carbohydrates on Symptoms and Dietary Satisfaction Over a 1-Year Period in Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes: Canadian Trial of Carbohydrates in Diabetes (CCD).
Long-term effects of the Active for Life Year 5 (AFLY5) school-based cluster-randomised controlled trial.
Therapeutic silencing of fat-specific protein 27 improves glycemic control in mouse models of obesity and insulin resistance.
11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase-1 deficiency alters the gut microbiome response to Western diet.
Fatty acid-binding protein FABP4 mechanistically links obesity with aggressive AML by enhancing aberrant DNA methylation in AML cells.
Olive oil and postprandial hyperlipidemia: implications for atherosclerosis and metabolic syndrome.
Prevention and treatment effect of evogliptin on hepatic steatosis in high-fat-fed animal models.
<i>Cpt1a</i> gene expression in peripheral blood mononuclear cells as an early biomarker of diet-related metabolic alterations.
The antidepressant-like activity of AC-5216, a ligand for 18KDa translocator protein (TSPO), in an animal model of diabetes mellitus.
Linoleic acid causes greater weight gain than saturated fat without hypothalamic inflammation in the male mouse.
Liver BCATm transgenic mouse model reveals the important role of the liver in maintaining BCAA homeostasis.
Position of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics: Vegetarian Diets.
Longitudinal analysis of intervention effects on temptations and stages of change for dietary fat using parallel process latent growth modeling.
Protective effect of quercetin on high-fat diet-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mice is mediated by modulating intestinal microbiota imbalance and related gut-liver axis activation.
A low-carbohydrate high-fat diet decreases lean mass and impairs cardiac function in pair-fed female C57BL/6J mice.
Evaluation of Effect of Nishamalaki on STZ and HFHF Diet Induced Diabetic Neuropathy in Wistar Rats.
Resveratrol supplementation of high-fat diet-fed pregnant mice promotes brown and beige adipocyte development and prevents obesity in male offspring.
Lipidomic profiling of high-fat diet-induced obesity in mice: Importance of cytochrome P450-derived fatty acid epoxides.
Short Chain Fatty Acids Prevent High-fat-diet-induced Obesity in Mice by Regulating G Protein-coupled Receptors and Gut Microbiota.
Reduction and fragmentation of elastic fibers in the skin of obese mice is associated with altered mRNA expression levels of fibrillin-1 and neprilysin.
The role of adipose tissue and excess of fatty acids in the induction of insulin resistance in skeletal muscle.
Dual-specificity phosphatase 6 deficiency regulates gut microbiome and transcriptome response against diet-induced obesity in mice.
Swimming exercise reduces preference for a high-fat diet by increasing insulin sensitivity in C57BL/6 mice.
Beneficial Effects of Metformin and/or Salicylate on Palmitate- or TNFα-Induced Neuroinflammatory Marker and Neuropeptide Gene Regulation in Immortalized NPY/AgRP Neurons.
Role of PTEN in Oxidative Stress and DNA Damage in the Liver of Whole-Body Pten Haplodeficient Mice.
Effects of High-Fat Diet on Stress Response in Male and Female Wildtype and Prolactin Knockout Mice.
Body girdle reduced fat deposition and altered other body parameters in rats.
Effect on Nitrogen Balance, Thermogenesis, Body Composition, Satiety, and Circulating Branched Chain Amino Acid Levels up to One Year after Surgery: Protocol of a Randomized Controlled Trial on Dietary Protein During Surgical Weight Loss.
The effect of dietary fish oil on weight gain and insulin sensitivity is dependent on <i>APOE</i> genotype in humanized targeted replacement mice.
A High-Fat Diet Promotes Mammary Gland Myofibroblast Differentiation through MicroRNA 140 Downregulation.
Comparisons of dietary intake in Japanese with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Vitamin D Signaling through Induction of Paneth Cell Defensins Maintains Gut Microbiota and Improves Metabolic Disorders and Hepatic Steatosis in Animal Models.
Time-course microarray analysis for identifying candidate genes involved in obesity-associated pathological changes in the mouse colon.
Nutrition, insulin resistance and dysfunctional adipose tissue determine the different components of metabolic syndrome.
Expression of liver alpha-amylase in obese mouse hepatocytes.
Diet-induced obesity skin changes monitored by <i>in vivo</i> SHG and <i>ex vivo</i> CARS microscopy.
Effect of berberine on the ratio of high-molecular weight adiponectin to total adiponectin and adiponectin receptors expressions in high-fat diet fed rats.
Maternal high-fat diet prevents developmental programming by early-life stress.
Modulation of Microbiota-Gut-Brain Axis by Berberine Resulting in Improved Metabolic Status in High-Fat Diet-Fed Rats.
Myeloid DLL4 Does Not Contribute to the Pathogenesis of Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis in Ldlr-/- Mice.
Effect of sterilization and of dietary fat and carbohydrate content on food intake, activity level, and blood satiety-related hormones in female dogs.
Vitamin E plasma kinetics in swine show low bioavailability and short half-life of -α-tocopheryl acetate.
Interactions between levels of heat-treated soybean meal and prilled fat on growth, rumen fermentation, and blood metabolites of Holstein calves.
Relationships of feedlot performance, feeding behavior, rumen morphometrics, and carcass characteristics of Nellore cattle differing in phenotypic residual feed intake.
Effect of phase feeding and valine-to-lysine ratio during lactation on sow and piglet performance.
Apparent total tract macronutrient digestibility, fecal characteristics, and fecal fermentative end-product concentrations of healthy adult dogs fed bioprocessed soy protein.
Influence of pork and pork by-products on macronutrient and energy digestibility and palatability in large exotic felids.
Hepatic rhythmicity of endoplasmic reticulum stress is disrupted in perinatal and adult mice models of high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Long-term high-fat diet induces hippocampal microvascular insulin resistance and cognitive dysfunction.
hZnT8 (Slc30a8) Transgenic Mice That Overexpress the R325W Polymorph Have Reduced Islet Zn2+ and Proinsulin Levels, Increased Glucose Tolerance After a High-Fat Diet, and Altered Levels of Pancreatic Zinc Binding Proteins.
Integrin-Linked Kinase Is Necessary for the Development of Diet-Induced Hepatic Insulin Resistance.
Lack of CUL4B in Adipocytes Promotes PPARγ-Mediated Adipose Tissue Expansion and Insulin Sensitivity.
Comparing dietary patterns derived by two methods and their associations with obesity in Polish girls aged 13-21 years: the cross-sectional GEBaHealth study.
Autoimmunity to HSP60 during diet induced obesity in mice.
Tumor Metabolism, the Ketogenic Diet and β-Hydroxybutyrate: Novel Approaches to Adjuvant Brain Tumor Therapy.
Adipocyte-specific Hypoxia-inducible gene 2 promotes fat deposition and diet-induced insulin resistance.
Dietary fat and gut microbiota interactions determine diet-induced obesity in mice.
Impaired histone deacetylases 5 and 6 expression mimics the effects of obesity and hypoxia on adipocyte function.
Impact of dietary glycemic challenge on fuel partitioning.
Obesity- and gender-dependent role of endogenous somatostatin and cortistatin in the regulation of endocrine and metabolic homeostasis in mice.
Curcumin improves the metabolic syndrome in high-fructose-diet-fed rats: role of TNF-α, NF-κB, and oxidative stress.
Activation of Estrogen Response Element-Independent ERα Signaling Protects Female Mice From Diet-Induced Obesity.
Diet: Changing the recipe.
Meal rich in carbohydrate, but not protein or fat, reveals adverse immunometabolic responses associated with obesity.
Impact of fat source and dietary fibers on feed intake, plasma metabolites, litter gain and the yield and composition of milk in sows.
[In vivo and in vitro effects of CD137 stimulation on vascular calcification in high fat diet fed ApoE<sup>-/-</sup> mice].
Inhibition of key digestive enzymes related to hyperlipidemia and protection of liver-kidney functions by Cystoseira crinita sulphated polysaccharide in high-fat diet-fed rats.
Visceral adiposity and metabolic syndrome after very high-fat and low-fat isocaloric diets: a randomized controlled trial.
Hypolipidemic effect of oleanolic acid is mediated by the miR-98-5p/PGC-1β axis in high-fat diet-induced hyperlipidemic mice.
Dietary fat alters the response of hypothalamic neuropeptide Y to subsequent energy intake in broiler chickens.
Metallothionein Is Downstream of Nrf2 and Partially Mediates Sulforaphane Prevention of Diabetic Cardiomyopathy.
Inhibiting Microglia Expansion Prevents Diet-Induced Hypothalamic and Peripheral Inflammation.
Dietary Mung Bean Protein Reduces Hepatic Steatosis, Fibrosis, and Inflammation in Male Mice with Diet-Induced, Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Sericin ameliorated dysmorphic mitochondria in high-cholesterol diet/streptozotocin rat by antioxidative property.
Anti-aggregatory effect of boswellic acid in high-fat fed rats: involvement of redox and inflammatory cascades.
Ameliorating effects of fennel and cumin extracts on sperm quality and spermatogenic cells apoptosis by inducing weight loss and reducing leptin concentration in diet-induced obese rats.
Systemic application of 3-methyladenine markedly inhibited atherosclerotic lesion in ApoE<sup>-/-</sup> mice by modulating autophagy, foam cell formation and immune-negative molecules.
The role of diet on gut microbiota composition.
FIAT Deletion Increases Bone Mass But Does Not Prevent High-Fat-Diet-Induced Metabolic Complications.
Equol Attenuates Atherosclerosis in Apolipoprotein E-Deficient Mice by Inhibiting Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress via Activation of Nrf2 in Endothelial Cells.
The Role of Reactive Oxygen Species in β-Adrenergic Signaling in Cardiomyocytes from Mice with the Metabolic Syndrome.
Effect of dry tomato peel supplementation on glucose tolerance, insulin resistance, and hepatic markers in mice fed high-saturated-fat/high-cholesterol diets.
Levamisole: A positive allosteric modulator for the α3β4 nicotinic acetylcholine receptors prevents weight gain in CD-1 mice on a high fat diet.
Evaluation of tissue metal and trace element content in a rat model of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease using ICP-DRC-MS.
Preference for Western diet coadapts in High Runner mice and affects voluntary exercise and spontaneous physical activity in a genotype-dependent manner.
Mesenchymal stromal cell-based therapies reduce obesity and metabolic syndromes induced by a high-fat diet.
The Hypothalamic Glucagon-Like Peptide 1 Receptor Is Sufficient but Not Necessary for the Regulation of Energy Balance and Glucose Homeostasis in Mice.
High maysin corn silk extract reduces body weight and fat deposition in C57BL/6J mice fed high-fat diets.
Induction of heme oxygenase-1 with dietary quercetin reduces obesity-induced hepatic inflammation through macrophage phenotype switching.
Korean solar salts reduce obesity and alter its related markers in diet-induced obese mice.
AAV-mediated <i>Sirt1</i> overexpression in skeletal muscle activates oxidative capacity but does not prevent insulin resistance.
Inhibition of JNK suppresses autophagy and attenuates insulin resistance in a rat model of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Canola oil rich in oleic acid improves diastolic heart function in diet-induced obese rats.
Effect of Dietary Fat on Gene Expression in Poultry, A Review.
Hepatoprotective Effect of Tricholoma giganteum (Agaricomycetes) in a Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Rat Model.
Cholinergic Modification of Neurogenesis and Gliosis Improves the Memory of AβPPswe/PSEN1dE9 Alzheimer's Disease Model Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Effects of dietary heme iron and exercise training on abdominal fat accumulation and lipid metabolism in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Citrus junos Tanaka peel ameliorates hepatic lipid accumulation in HepG2 cells and in mice fed a high-cholesterol diet.
Ganoderma lucidum beta 1,3/1,6 glucan as an immunomodulator in inflammation induced by a high-cholesterol diet.
Effects of high-fat diet on plasma profiles of eicosanoid metabolites in mice.
Structure-activity and in vivo evaluation of a novel lipoprotein lipase (LPL) activator.
Altered Gut Microbiota Composition and Immune Response in Experimental Steatohepatitis Mouse Models.
Protective effects of Huanglian Wendan Decoction aganist cognitive deficits and neuronal damages in rats with diabetic encephalopathy by inhibiting the release of inflammatory cytokines and repairing insulin signaling pathway in hippocampus.
Protective effects of gomisin N against hepatic steatosis through AMPK activation.
High-fat diet induces metabolic changes and reduces oxidative stress in female mouse hearts.
Altered miRNA expression in high-fat diet-induced prostate cancer progression.
Potential involvement of JNK1 repression in the hepatic effect of sitagliptin and metformin in rats subjected to high fat diet and chronic mild distress.
Switching Adolescent High-Fat Diet to Adult Control Diet Restores Neurocognitive Alterations.
Maternal High Fat Diet Alters Skeletal Muscle Mitochondrial Catalytic Activity in Adult Male Rat Offspring.
Nicotine plus a high-fat diet triggers cardiomyocyte apoptosis.
The PDE4 inhibitor roflumilast reduces weight gain by increasing energy expenditure and leads to improved glucose metabolism.
Effect of a grazing period prior to finishing on a high concentrate diet on meat quality from bulls and steers.
Comparison of voluntary food intake and palatability of commercial weight loss diets in healthy dogs and cats.
Impact of a 1-year lifestyle modification program on plasma lipoprotein and PCSK9 concentrations in patients with coronary artery disease.
Adverse effects on insulin secretion of replacing saturated fat with refined carbohydrate but not with monounsaturated fat: A randomized controlled trial in centrally obese subjects.
Total HDL cholesterol efflux capacity in healthy children - Associations with adiposity and dietary intakes of mother and child.
High-fat Diet Enhances Mammary Tumorigenesis and Pulmonary Metastasis and Alters Inflammatory and Angiogenic Profiles in MMTV-PyMT Mice.
Adipose Fatty Acid Binding Protein Promotes Saturated Fatty Acid-Induced Macrophage Cell Death through Enhancing Ceramide Production.
Genetic Targeting of Arginase-II in Mouse Prevents Renal Oxidative Stress and Inflammation in Diet-Induced Obesity.
Co-administration of metformin and N-acetylcysteine with dietary control improves the biochemical and histological manifestations in rats with non-alcoholic fatty liver.
The Impact of Vitamin D Supplementation on Neurodegeneration, TNF-α Concentration in Hypothalamus, and CSF-to-Plasma Ratio of Insulin in High-Fat-Diet-Induced Obese Rats.
The effect of combined inositol hexakisphosphate and inositol supplement in streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetic rats.
Suppression of Myocardial 18F-FDG Uptake Through Prolonged High-Fat, High-Protein, and Very-Low-Carbohydrate Diet Before FDG-PET/CT for Evaluation of Patients With Suspected Cardiac Sarcoidosis.
A novel role for the Krüppel-like factor 14 on macrophage inflammatory response and atherosclerosis development.
Impact of enriched environment on production of tau, amyloid precursor protein and, amyloid-β peptide in high-fat and high-sucrose-fed rats.
Daily exercise prevents diastolic dysfunction and oxidative stress in a female mouse model of western diet induced obesity by maintaining cardiac heme oxygenase-1 levels.
Amelioration of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease with NPC1L1-targeted IgY or n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in mice.
Protein inhibitor of activated STAT 4 (PIAS4) regulates liver fibrosis through modulating SMAD3 activity.
Palmitoleic Acid Improves Metabolic Functions in Fatty Liver by PPARα-Dependent AMPK Activation.
Insulin-Dependent Activation of MCH Neurons Impairs Locomotor Activity and Insulin Sensitivity in Obesity.
Energy Balance-related Behaviors Are Related to Cardiometabolic Parameters and Predict Adiposity in 8-14-year-old Overweight Chinese Children One Year Later.
Age-Dependent Control of Energy Homeostasis by Brown Adipose Tissue in Progeny Subjected to Maternal Diet-Induced Fetal Programming.
Consumption of Japanese Yam Improves Lipid Metabolism in High-Cholesterol Diet-Fed Rats.
Maternal folate depletion during early development and high fat feeding from weaning elicit similar changes in gene expression, but not in DNA methylation, in adult offspring.
Alleviating VLDL overproduction is an important mechanism for Laminaria japonica polysaccharide to inhibit atherosclerosis in LDLr<sup>-/-</sup> mice with diet-induced insulin resistance.
Using proteomics to discover novel biomarkers for fatty liver development and response to CB1R antagonist treatment in an obese mouse model.
Gut microbiota from metabolic disease-resistant, macrophage-specific RIP140 knockdown mice improves metabolic phenotype and gastrointestinal integrity.
A comparison of RS4-type resistant starch to RS2-type resistant starch in suppressing oxidative stress in high-fat-diet-induced obese rats.
The Metabolic Implications of Glucocorticoids in a High-Fat Diet Setting and the Counter-Effects of Exercise.
Cerebral Microvascular Dysfunction and Inflammation Are Improved by Centrally Acting Antihypertensive Drugs in Metabolic Syndrome.
Toll-Like Receptor (TLR)4 and MyD88 are Essential for Atheroprotection by Peritoneal B1a B Cells.
Dietary protein and fat intake in relation to risk of colorectal adenoma in Korean.
Increased mitochondrial ROS generation mediates the loss of the anti-contractile effects of perivascular adipose tissue in high-fat diet obese mice.
A high fat diet-induced decrease in hippocampal newly-born neurons of male mice is exacerbated by mild psychological stress using a Communication Box.
Potential involvement of PPAR α activation in diminishing the hepatoprotective effect of fenofibrate in NAFLD: Accuracy of non- invasive panel in determining the stage of liver fibrosis in rats.
Lean Body Weight and Metformin Are Insufficient to Prevent Endometrial Hyperplasia in Mice Harboring Inactivating Mutations in PTEN.
Fatty Acid Oxidation and Its Relation with Insulin Resistance and Associated Disorders.
Developing a Performance Standard for Adequate Sanitization of Wire-Bar Lids.
Non-physician health workers for improving adherence to medications and healthy lifestyle following acute coronary syndrome: 24-month follow-up study.
Local Vascular Gene Therapy With Apolipoprotein A-I to Promote Regression of Atherosclerosis.
High-Fat Diet-Induced Lysosomal Dysfunction and Impaired Autophagic Flux Contribute to Lipotoxicity in the Kidney.
Orally Administered Berberine Modulates Hepatic Lipid Metabolism by Altering Microbial Bile Acid Metabolism and the Intestinal FXR Signaling Pathway.
Hypoxic Living and Exercise Training Alter Adipose Tissue Leptin/Leptin Receptor in Rats.
Long-term consumption of an obesogenic high fat diet prior to ischemia-reperfusion mediates cardioprotection via Epac1-dependent signaling.
Modeling Diet-Induced Obesity with Obesity-Prone Rats: Implications for Studies in Females.
Improved glycaemia in high-fat-fed neprilysin-deficient mice is associated with reduced DPP-4 activity and increased active GLP-1 levels.
SHP-1 activation inhibits vascular smooth muscle cell proliferation and intimal hyperplasia in a rodent model of insulin resistance and diabetes.
Red Cabbage Microgreens Lower Circulating Low-Density Lipoprotein (LDL), Liver Cholesterol, and Inflammatory Cytokines in Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Modulation of diet-induced mechanical allodynia by metabolic parameters and inflammation.
Apolipoprotein E (epsilon) genotype has a greater impact on apoB-48 than apoB-100 responses to dietary fat manipulation-insights from the SATgenε study.
Polyphenols from Lonicera caerulea L. berry attenuate experimental nonalcoholic steatohepatitis by inhibiting proinflammatory cytokines productions and lipid peroxidation.
Hypocholesterolemic efficacy of royal jelly in healthy mild hypercholesterolemic adults.
Effects of type 2 diabetes mellitus on the pharmacokinetics of berberine in rats.
Increased feeding frequency increased milk fat yield and may reduce the severity of subacute ruminal acidosis in higher-risk cows.
Intramammary infusion of Escherichia coli lipopolysaccharide negatively affects feed intake, chewing, and clinical variables, but some effects are stronger in cows experiencing subacute rumen acidosis.
AAV-mediated IL-10 gene transfer counteracts inflammation in the hypothalamic arcuate nucleus and obesity induced by high-fat diet.
CD98 siRNA-loaded nanoparticles decrease hepatic steatosis in mice.
Hydroxytyrosol ameliorates metabolic, cardiovascular and liver changes in a rat model of diet-induced metabolic syndrome: Pharmacological and metabolism-based investigation.
A high-fat high-sugar diet-induced impairment in place-recognition memory is reversible and training-dependent.
Protective Effects of 2-Dodecyl-6-Methoxycyclohexa-2,5 -Diene-1,4-Dione Isolated from Averrhoa Carambola L. (Oxalidaceae) Roots on High-Fat Diet-Induced Obesity and Insulin Resistance in Mice.
Managing nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in patients living with HIV.
Testosterone supplementation improves glucose homeostasis despite increasing hepatic insulin resistance in male mouse model of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A novel herbal treatment reduces depressive-like behaviors and increases brain-derived neurotrophic factor levels in the brain of type 2 diabetic rats.
Oleuropein aglycone enhances UCP1 expression in brown adipose tissue in high-fat-diet-induced obese rats by activating β-adrenergic signaling.
Effects of astaxanthin on blood coagulation, fibrinolysis and platelet aggregation in hyperlipidemic rats.
Novel genes in brain tissues of EAE-induced normal and obese mice: Upregulation of metal ion-binding protein genes in obese-EAE mice.
Plasma amino acid levels are elevated in young, healthy low birth weight men exposed to short-term high-fat overfeeding.
Galectin-3 and IL-33/ST2 axis roles and interplay in diet-induced steatohepatitis.
Carnosic acid protects non-alcoholic fatty liver-induced dopaminergic neuron injury in rats.
Glutaredoxin-1 Deficiency Causes Fatty Liver and Dyslipidemia by Inhibiting Sirtuin-1.
Involvement of xanthine oxidase and paraoxonase 1 in the process of oxidative stress in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
A Low Dose of Dietary Quercetin Fails to Protect against the Development of an Obese Phenotype in Mice.
The Crucial Role of C18-Cer in Fat-Induced Skeletal Muscle Insulin Resistance.
Cannabinoid 2 Receptor Agonist Improves Systemic Sensitivity to Insulin in High-Fat Diet/Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Mice.
Imidacloprid Promotes High Fat Diet-Induced Adiposity and Insulin Resistance in Male C57BL/6J Mice.
Effects of paternal obesity on growth and adiposity of male rat offspring.
Postnatal treatment with metyrapone attenuates the effects of diet-induced obesity in female rats exposed to early-life stress.
Activation of the Stress Response Kinase JNK (c-Jun N-terminal Kinase) Attenuates Insulin Action in Retina through a p70S6K1-dependent Mechanism.
Deoxycholic Acid Triggers NLRP3 Inflammasome Activation and Aggravates DSS-Induced Colitis in Mice.
Effects of crocin on experimental obesity and type-2 diabetes.
DASH dietary pattern and chronic kidney disease in elderly Korean adults.
High-Fat-Diet-Induced Deficits in Dopamine Terminal Function Are Reversed by Restoring Insulin Signaling.
Diet Polyphenol Curcumin Stimulates Hepatic Fgf21 Production and Restores Its Sensitivity in High-Fat-Diet-Fed Male Mice.
Regressive Effect of Myricetin on Hepatic Steatosis in Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Roles of Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor α in Bitter Melon Seed Oil-Corrected Lipid Disorders and Conversion of α-Eleostearic Acid into Rumenic Acid in C57BL/6J Mice.
Alleviative effect of ciliary neurotrophic factor analogue on high fat-induced hepatic steatosis is partially independent of the central regulation.
Effects of Polar Compounds Generated from the Deep-Frying Process of Palm Oil on Lipid Metabolism and Glucose Tolerance in Kunming Mice.
Targeting metastasis-initiating cells through the fatty acid receptor CD36.
Diet, Lifestyles, Family History, and Prostate Cancer Incidence in an East Algerian Patient Group.
Quercetin Isolated from <i>Toona sinensis</i> Leaves Attenuates Hyperglycemia and Protects Hepatocytes in High-Carbohydrate/High-Fat Diet and Alloxan Induced Experimental Diabetic <i>Mice</i>.
[Microbiome and winter flab].
Insulin treatment restores islet microvascular vasomotion function in diabetic mice.
Phospholipase D1 deficiency in mice causes nonalcoholic fatty liver disease via an autophagy defect.
Chardonnay Grape Seed Flour Ameliorates Hepatic Steatosis and Insulin Resistance via Altered Hepatic Gene Expression for Oxidative Stress, Inflammation, and Lipid and Ceramide Synthesis in Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
[Preventive and therapeutic effects of compound ginkgo extract in rats with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis induced by high-fat, high-fructose diet].
A comparative study of triacylglycerol composition in Chinese human milk within different lactation stages and imported infant formula by SFC coupled with Q-TOF-MS.
PARP1-mediated PPARα poly(ADP-ribosyl)ation suppresses fatty acid oxidation in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
A Mouse Model of Diet-Induced Obesity Resembling Most Features of Human Metabolic Syndrome.
Alpha-mangostin from mangosteen (<i>Garcinia mangostana Linn.)</i> pericarp extract reduces high fat-diet induced hepatic steatosis in rats by regulating mitochondria function and apoptosis.
Rose hip supplementation increases energy expenditure and induces browning of white adipose tissue.
Pancreatic cancer risk in relation to sex, lifestyle factors, and pre-diagnostic anthropometry in the Malmö Diet and Cancer Study.
Weight control interventions improve therapeutic efficacy of dacarbazine in melanoma by reversing obesity-induced drug resistance.
Pioglitazone, a PPARγ agonist rescues depression associated with obesity using chronic unpredictable mild stress model in experimental mice.
Overexpression of protein kinase STK25 in mice exacerbates ectopic lipid accumulation, mitochondrial dysfunction and insulin resistance in skeletal muscle.
Histological evidence that metformin reverses the adverse effects of diabetes on orthodontic tooth movement in rats.
Effects of Hypericum Scabrum extract on anxiety and oxidative stress biomarkers in rats fed a long-term high-fat diet.
The Novel Membrane-Bound Proteins MFSD1 and MFSD3 are Putative SLC Transporters Affected by Altered Nutrient Intake.
Fall Composition of Storage Lipids is Associated with the Overwintering Strategy of Daphnia.
Reduced serum levels of oestradiol and brain derived neurotrophic factor in both diabetic women and HFD-feeding female mice.
The E3 ligase tripartite motif 8 targets TAK1 to promote insulin resistance and steatohepatitis.
Effect of curcumin on visfatin and zinc-α2-glycoprotein in a rat model of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Commentary: 'Unhealthy diet,' nutrient status, and ADHD symptoms: a confounding role for environmental nitrous oxide exposure - reflections on Rijlaarsdam et al. (2016).
Krill Oil Supplementation Improves Dyslipidemia and Lowers Body Weight in Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet Through Activation of AMP-Activated Protein Kinase.
High-fat diet induces protein kinase A and G-protein receptor kinase phosphorylation of β<sub>2</sub> -adrenergic receptor and impairs cardiac adrenergic reserve in animal hearts.
PARP inhibition protects against alcoholic and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Saponins from the roots of Platycodon grandiflorum ameliorate high fat diet-induced non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Calpain inhibition modulates glycogen synthase kinase 3β pathways in ischemic myocardium: A proteomic and mechanistic analysis.
A novel and selective melanin-concentrating hormone receptor 1 antagonist ameliorates obesity and hepatic steatosis in diet-induced obese rodent models.
Differential effects of Mas receptor deficiency on cardiac function and blood pressure in obese male and female mice.
Diet regulates liver autophagy differentially in murine acute Trypanosoma cruzi infection.
Enhanced anti-obesity effects of complex of resistant starch and chitosan in high fat diet fed rats.
Lactation and body composition responses to fat and protein supplies during the dry period in under-conditioned dairy cows.
Technical note: Mammary gland ultrasonography to evaluate mammary parenchymal composition in prepubertal heifers.
Effect of high-oleic-acid soybeans on production performance, milk fatty acid composition, and enteric methane emission in dairy cows.
Does eating good-tasting food influence body weight?
Calcium and vitamin D<sub>3</sub> combinations improve fatty liver disease through AMPK-independent mechanisms.
The mountainous Cretan dietary patterns and their relationship with cardiovascular risk factors: the Hellenic Isolated Cohorts MANOLIS study.
CD40 signaling and hepatic steatosis: Unanticipated links.
Iridoid glycoside from Cornus officinalis ameliorated diabetes mellitus-induced testicular damage in male rats: Involvement of suppression of the AGEs/RAGE/p38 MAPK signaling pathway.
Cinepazide Maleate Improves Cognitive Function and Protects Hippocampal Neurons in Diabetic Rats with Chronic Cerebral Hypoperfusion.
Upregulated inflammatory associated factors and blood-retinal barrier changes in the retina of type 2 diabetes mellitus model.
Dietary Macronutrient Composition Directs ChREBP Isoform Expression and Glucose Metabolism in Mice.
Antiobesity and Lipid Lowering Effects of Orthosiphon stamineus in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Diets high in resistant starch increase plasma levels of trimethylamine-N-oxide, a gut microbiome metabolite associated with CVD risk.
Deletion of ATF4 in AgRP Neurons Promotes Fat Loss Mainly via Increasing Energy Expenditure.
Comparison of oral absorption models for pregabalin: usefulness of transit compartment model.
Retinoic acid is abundantly detected in different depots of adipose tissue by SERS.
Ability of dairy fat in inducing metabolic syndrome in rats.
Myocardial capillary density after neuropeptide Y antagonist administration in normal and high-fat diet C57BL6 mice.
MicroRNA expression analysis in the liver of high fat diet-induced obese mice.
Effects of a sweetpotato protein digest on lipid metabolism in mice administered a high-fat diet.
Differential proteomic analysis of white adipose tissues from T2D KKAy mice by LC-ESI-QTOF.
Steady-state energy balance in animal models of obesity and weight loss.
Inhibition of the gut enzyme intestinal alkaline phosphatase may explain how aspartame promotes glucose intolerance and obesity in mice.
Regulation of Hepatocellular Fatty Acid Uptake in Mouse Models of Fatty Liver Disease with and without Functional Leptin Signaling: Roles of NfKB and SREBP-1C and the Effects of Spexin.
Metabolic Stress Induces Cognitive Disturbances and Inflammation in Aged Mice: Protective Role of Resveratrol.
A 3-week feed restriction after weaning as an alternative to a medicated diet: effects on growth, health, carcass and meat traits of rabbits of two genotypes.
A nutraceutical approach (Armolipid Plus) to reduce total and LDL cholesterol in individuals with mild to moderate dyslipidemia: Review of the clinical evidence.
Intermittent access to a nutritionally complete high-fat diet attenuates alcohol drinking in rats.
Global Deletion of Glutathione S-Transferase A4 Exacerbates Developmental Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis.
Hepatic DPP4 DNA Methylation Associates With Fatty Liver.
Testosterone Deficiency Induces Changes of the Transcriptomes of Visceral Adipose Tissue in Miniature Pigs Fed a High-Fat and High-Cholesterol Diet.
Exercise and Beta-Glucan Consumption (Saccharomyces cerevisiae) Improve the Metabolic Profile and Reduce the Atherogenic Index in Type 2 Diabetic Rats (HFD/STZ).
Self-Reported Dietary Restrictions and Dietary Patterns in Polish Girls: A Short Research Report (GEBaHealth Study).
FFAR4 (GPR120) Signaling Is Not Required for Anti-Inflammatory and Insulin-Sensitizing Effects of Omega-3 Fatty Acids.
Distinct Hepatic Macrophage Populations in Lean and Obese Mice.
Beclin-1- mediated autophagy may be involved in the elderly cognitive and affective disorders in streptozotocin-induced diabetic mice.
Effect of a High-Protein Energy-Restricted Diet Combined with Resistance Training on Metabolic Profile in Older Individuals with Metabolic Impairments.
Western diet induces colonic nitrergic myenteric neuropathy and dysmotility in mice via saturated fatty acid- and lipopolysaccharide-induced TLR4 signalling.
Hypocholesterolemic Activity of Curcumin Is Mediated by Down-regulating the Expression of Niemann-Pick C1-like 1 in Hamsters.
Neuroprotective effect of Sapucaia nuts (Lecythis pisonis)on rats fed with high-fat diet.
Consumption of a high-fat breakfast on consecutive days alters preclinical biomarkers for atherosclerosis.
Wheat-bran autolytic peptides containing a branched-chain amino acid attenuate non-alcoholic steatohepatitis via the suppression of oxidative stress and the upregulation of AMPK/ACC in high-fat diet-fed mice.
Hyperlipidemia-induced apoptosis of hippocampal neurons in apoE(-/-) mice may be associated with increased PCSK9 expression.
Body composition in adults with neurofibromatosis type 1.
Nutritional and microbiological quality of commercial and homemade blenderized whole food enteral diets for home-based enteral nutritional therapy in adults.
Influence of the degree of adherence to the Mediterranean diet on the cardiometabolic risk in peri and menopausal women. The Flamenco project.
Eatwell Guide: modelling the dietary and cost implications of incorporating new sugar and fibre guidelines.
Effects of Calorie Restriction in Obese Older Adults: The CROSSROADS Randomized Controlled Trial.
High-Fructose Intake Impairs the Hepatic Hypolipidemic Effects of a High-Fat Fish-Oil Diet in C57BL/6 Mice.
Shugan Xiaozhi Decoction Attenuates Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis by Enhancing PPAR<b>α</b> and L-FABP Expressions in High-Fat-Fed Rats.
Reciprocal regulation of mTOR complexes in pancreatic islets from humans with type 2 diabetes.
Muscle Arnt/Hif1β Is Dispensable in Myofiber Type Determination, Vascularization and Insulin Sensitivity.
The Mitochondrial Permeability Transition Pore Regulator Cyclophilin D Exhibits Tissue-Specific Control of Metabolic Homeostasis.
Hypertriglyceridemic rats fed high fat diet as a model of metabolic syndrome.
Proposal for a breakfast quality index for brazilian population: Rationale and application in the Brazilian National Dietary Survey.
Loss of Caspase-Activated DNase Protects Against Atherosclerosis in Apolipoprotein E-Deficient Mice.
Body fat evolution as predictor of retinal microvasculature in children.
Chrysophanic Acid Suppresses Adipogenesis and Induces Thermogenesis by Activating AMP-Activated Protein Kinase Alpha <i>In vivo</i> and <i>In vitro</i>.
Lactobacillus rhamnosus NCDC17 ameliorates type-2 diabetes by improving gut function, oxidative stress and inflammation in high-fat-diet fed and streptozotocintreated rats.
Acylated and desacyl ghrelin are associated with hepatic lipogenesis, β-oxidation and autophagy: role in NAFLD amelioration after sleeve gastrectomy in obese rats.
Human Beta Cells Produce and Release Serotonin to Inhibit Glucagon Secretion from Alpha Cells.
Knowledge, attitudes, and related practices of Filipino seafarers regarding cardiovascular diseases.
Effects of Orchidectomy and Testosterone Replacement on Numbers of Kisspeptin-, Neurokinin B-, and Dynorphin A-Immunoreactive Neurones in the Arcuate Nucleus of the Hypothalamus in Obese and Diabetic Rats.
Reg2 expression is required for pancreatic islet compensation in response to aging and high fat diet-induced obesity.
Ldb1 Regulates Energy Homeostasis During Diet-Induced Obesity.
Medium-chain fatty acids reduce serum cholesterol by regulating the metabolism of bile acid in C57BL/6J mice.
Wake-sleep and cardiovascular regulatory changes in rats made obese by a high-fat diet.
Adipose type I interferon signalling protects against metabolic dysfunction.
High-fat diet with stress impaired islets' insulin secretion by reducing plasma estradiol and pancreatic GLUT2 protein levels in rats' proestrus phase.
AT1 receptor antagonist induces thermogenic beige adipocytes in the inguinal white adipose tissue of obese mice.
Low carbohydrate, high fat diet impairs exercise economy and negates the performance benefit from intensified training in elite race walkers.
A safflower oil based high-fat/high-sucrose diet modulates the gut microbiota and liver phospholipid profiles associated with early glucose intolerance in the absence of tissue inflammation.
Sesamol ameliorates diet-induced obesity in C57BL/6J mice and suppresses adipogenesis in 3T3-L1 cells via regulating mitochondria-lipid metabolism.
Effect of Exercise Training on Signaling of Interleukin-6 in Skeletal Muscles of Type 2 Diabetic Rats.
The LC-MS-based metabolomics of hydroxytyrosol administration in rats reveals amelioration of the metabolic syndrome.
From fat to FAT (CD36/SR-B2): Understanding the regulation of cellular fatty acid uptake.
Hexim1 heterozygosity stabilizes atherosclerotic plaque and decreased steatosis in ApoE null mice fed atherogenic diet.
Advanced atherosclerosis is associated with inflammation, vascular dysfunction and oxidative stress, but not hypertension.
Detection of goat body fat adulteration in pure ghee using ATR-FTIR spectroscopy coupled with chemometric strategy.
Evaluation of Bacillus subtilis SPB1 biosurfactant effects on hyperglycemia, angiotensin I-converting enzyme (ACE) activity and kidney function in rats fed on high-fat-high-fructose diet.
MicroRNA-206 prevents hepatosteatosis and hyperglycemia by facilitating insulin signaling and impairing lipogenesis.
Effect of Elderberry (Sambucus nigra L.) Extract Supplementation in STZ-Induced Diabetic Rats Fed with a High-Fat Diet.
Patterned feeding induces neuroendocrine, behavioral and genetic changes that promote palatable food intake.
Impact of perinatal exposure to high-fat diet and stress on responses to nutritional challenges, food-motivated behaviour and mesolimbic dopamine function.
Rosuvastatin as a potential preventive drug for the development of hepatocellular carcinoma associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mice.
Hepatoprotective and antioxidant effects of lycopene on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in rat.
Butyrate stimulates adipose lipolysis and mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation through histone hyperacetylation-associated β<sub>3</sub> -adrenergic receptor activation in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Troxerutin Attenuates Enhancement of Hepatic Gluconeogenesis by Inhibiting NOD Activation-Mediated Inflammation in High-Fat Diet-Treated Mice.
Adipokine Chemerin Bridges Metabolic Dyslipidemia and Alveolar Bone Loss in Mice.
Hepatocyte Hypoxia Inducible Factor-1 Mediates the Development of Liver Fibrosis in a Mouse Model of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
Reducing Smad3/ATF4 was essential for Sirt1 inhibiting ER stress-induced apoptosis in mice brown adipose tissue.
To treat or not to treat drug-refractory epilepsy by the ketogenic diet? That is the question.
The Inhibitory Role of α2,6-Sialylation in Adipogenesis.
Association of Major Dietary Patterns with Cardio-metabolic Risk Factors in Type 2 Diabetic Patients.
Hepatic inflammatory cytokine production can be regulated by modulating sphingomyelinase and ceramide synthase 6.
Pleiotropic Effect of Human ApoE4 on Cerebral Ceramide and Saturated Fatty Acid Levels.
High Dietary Fructose Intake on Cardiovascular Disease Related Parameters in Growing Rats.
Application of an In Vivo Hepatic Triacylglycerol Production Method in the Setting of a High-Fat Diet in Mice.
Brown Algae Polyphenol, a Prolyl Isomerase Pin1 Inhibitor, Prevents Obesity by Inhibiting the Differentiation of Stem Cells into Adipocytes.
Green tea extract treatment reduces NFκB activation in mice with diet-induced nonalcoholic steatohepatitis by lowering TNFR1 and TLR4 expression and ligand availability.
Worsening of memory deficit induced by energy-dense diet in a rat model of early-Alzheimer's disease is associated to neurotoxic Aβ species and independent of neuroinflammation.
Prenatal betaine exposure alleviates corticosterone-induced inhibition of CYP27A1 expression in the liver of juvenile chickens associated with its promoter DNA methylation.
Inhibition of sphingosine 1-phosphate signaling ameliorates murine nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
Green tea epigallocatechin 3-gallate alleviates hyperglycemia and reduces advanced glycation end products via nrf2 pathway in mice with high fat diet-induced obesity.
Higher intake of cryptoxanthin is related to low body mass index and body fat in Japanese middle-aged women.
Beneﬁcial effects of probiotic cholesterol-lowering strain of Enterococcus faecium WEFA23 from infants on diet-induced metabolic syndrome in rats.
Potassium carbonate as a cation source for early-lactation dairy cows fed high-concentrate diets.
Effects of dry period length and concentrate protein content in late lactation on body condition score change and subsequent lactation performance of thin high genetic merit dairy cows.
The fate of technical-grade chlordane in mice fed a high-fat diet and its roles as a candidate obesogen.
Executive functioning and dietary intake: Neurocognitive correlates of fruit, vegetable, and saturated fat intake in adults with obesity.
Insulin resistance precedes glucose intolerance and hyperleptinaemia in high-fat simple carbohydrate-fed C57BL/6J mice.
The Short-term Effects of Insulin, Metformin and Insulin-Metformin Combination on the Liver Morphology in High Fat Diet / Streptozotocin Induced Diabetic Albino Rats.
High-Fat Diet Augments VPAC1 Receptor-Mediated PACAP Action on the Liver, Inducing LAR Expression and Insulin Resistance.
A high carbohydrate diet remains the evidence based choice for elite athletes to optimise performance.
Saturated palmitic acid induces myocardial inflammatory injuries through direct binding to TLR4 accessory protein MD2.
Hypothalamic inflammation in obesity and metabolic disease.
Anti-Diabetic Effects of Jiang Tang Xiao Ke Granule via PI3K/Akt Signalling Pathway in Type 2 Diabetes KKAy Mice.
Prediction of porcine carcass iodine value based on diet composition and fatty acid intake.
Feed intake, growth, and body and carcass attributes of feedlot steers supplemented with two levels of calcium nitrate or urea.
Rutin ameliorates obesity through brown fat activation.
The SCFβ-TRCP E3 ubiquitin ligase complex targets Lipin1 for ubiquitination and degradation to promote hepatic lipogenesis.
Daily Intake of High-Fat Diet with Lysophosphatidic Acid-Rich Soybean Phospholipids Augments Colon Tumorigenesis in Kyoto Apc Delta Rats.
Impact of long-term high-fat diet intake gestational protein-restricted offspring on kidney morphology and function.
Maternal undernutrition programs the apelinergic system of adipose tissue in adult male rat offspring.
A Maternal Low-Fiber Diet Predisposes Offspring to Improved Metabolic Phenotypes in Adulthood in an Herbivorous Rodent.
BMI and WHR Are Reflected in Female Facial Shape and Texture: A Geometric Morphometric Image Analysis.
A causal role for hyperinsulinemia in obesity.
Evidence that supports the prescription of low-carbohydrate high-fat diets: a narrative review.
Antioxidant and hepatoprotective effects of fermented red ginseng against high fat diet-induced hyperlipidemia in rats.
What Are the Links of Prostate Cancer with Physical Activity and Nutrition? : A Systematic Review Article.
Fatty Liver and Insulin Resistance in the Liver-Specific Knockout Mice of Mitogen Inducible Gene-6.
Gastric Plication Improves Glycemia Partly by Restoring the Altered Expression of Aquaglyceroporins in Adipose Tissue and the Liver in Obese Rats.
Niclosamide reduces glucagon sensitivity via hepatic PKA inhibition in obese mice: Implications for glucose metabolism improvements in type 2 diabetes.
The Root Extract of Pueraria lobata and Its Main Compound, Puerarin, Prevent Obesity by Increasing the Energy Metabolism in Skeletal Muscle.
Enhanced expression of Survivin has distinct roles in adipocyte homeostasis.
Restoration of perivascular adipose tissue function in diet-induced obese mice without changing bodyweight.
Vitamin D limits inflammation-linked microRNA expression in adipocytes in vitro and in vivo: A new mechanism for the regulation of inflammation by vitamin D.
Chamomile (Matricaria recutita L.) decoction extract inhibits in vitro intestinal glucose absorption and attenuates high fat diet-induced lipotoxicity and oxidative stress.
Synergistic effects of acarbose and an Oroxylum indicum seed extract in streptozotocin and high-fat-diet induced prediabetic mice.
Soy protein isolate inhibits hepatic tumor promotion in mice fed a high-fat liquid diet.
Case Report.
Beneficial effect of CETP gene polymorphism in combination with a Mediterranean diet influencing lipid metabolism in metabolic syndrome patients: CORDIOPREV study.
The Hypoglycemic, Hypolipidemic, and Anti-Diabetic Nephritic Activities of Zeaxanthin in Diet-Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Sprague Dawley Rats.
Bromocriptine treatment at the end of lactation prevents hyperphagia, higher visceral fat and liver triglycerides in early-weaned rats at adulthood.
High-fat diet and fish oil affect adipocyte metabolism in a depot-specific manner.
In ovo injection of betaine alleviates corticosterone-induced fatty liver in chickens through epigenetic modifications.
Western diets, gut dysbiosis, and metabolic diseases: Are they linked?
Influence of Energy Balance and Glycemic Index on Metabolic Endotoxemia in Healthy Men.
Comparison of cardiovascular risk factors and dietary intakes among Javanese Surinamese and South-Asian Surinamese in the Netherlands. The HELIUS study.
Epicatechin downregulates adipose tissue CCL19 expression and thereby ameliorates diet-induced obesity and insulin resistance.
Adipocyte-Specific Deficiency of NADPH Oxidase 4 Delays the Onset of Insulin Resistance and Attenuates Adipose Tissue Inflammation in Obesity.
P2Y<sub>12</sub> Promotes Migration of Vascular Smooth Muscle Cells Through Cofilin Dephosphorylation During Atherogenesis.
Targeting Elastase for Molecular Imaging of Early Atherosclerotic Lesions.
Short-term high-fat diet compromises myocardial function: a radial strain rate imaging study.
Tubulin alpha 8 is expressed in hepatic stellate cells and is induced in transformed hepatocytes.
Maternal obesity in the rat impairs male offspring aging of the testicular antioxidant defence system.
Vitamin D supplementation inhibits oxidative stress and upregulate SIRT1/AMPK/GLUT4 cascade in high glucose-treated 3T3L1 adipocytes and in adipose tissue of high fat diet-fed diabetic mice.
Changes in liver proteins of rats fed standard and high-fat and sucrose diets induced by fish omega-3 PUFAs and their combination with grape polyphenols according to quantitative proteomics.
High-Carbohydrate/Low-Fat Diet-Induced Gender-Specific Serum Lipid Profile Changes Are Associated with LEPR Polymorphisms in Chinese Youth.
The effects of fat-induced obesity on bone metabolism in rats.
Peripheral endocannabinoid signaling controls hyperphagia in western diet-induced obesity.
Western Dietary Pattern Increases, and Prudent Dietary Pattern Decreases, Risk of Incident Diverticulitis in a Prospective Cohort Study.
Gastric Bypass Surgery Recruits a Gut PPAR-α-Striatal D1R Pathway to Reduce Fat Appetite in Obese Rats.
High fat diet confers vascular hyper-contractility against angiotensin II through upregulation of MLCK and CPI-17.
Emerging Role of Corticosteroid-Binding Globulin in Glucocorticoid-Driven Metabolic Disorders.
Impact of the Consumption of Tea Polyphenols on Early Atherosclerotic Lesion Formation and Intestinal <i>Bifidobacteria</i> in High-Fat-Fed ApoE<sup>-/-</sup> Mice.
Gomisin N inhibits adipogenesis and prevents high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Transcription regulator TRIP-Br2 mediates ER stress-induced brown adipocytes dysfunction.
Gene expression modulation of lipid and central energetic metabolism related genes by high-fat diet intake in the main homeostatic tissues.
BCL11B gene heterozygosity causes weight loss accompanied by increased energy consumption, but not defective adipogenesis, in mice.
Vitamin K2 Improves Anxiety and Depression but not Cognition in Rats with Metabolic Syndrome: a Role of Blood Glucose?
Correction: Calcium Reduces Liver Injury in Mice on a High-Fat Diet: Alterations in Microbial and Bile Acid Profiles.
Effects of the activation of heme oxygenase-1 on hormonal and metabolic changes in rats fed a high-fat diet.
M2 macrophages infusion ameliorates obesity and insulin resistance by remodeling inflammatory/macrophages' homeostasis in obese mice.
G004, a synthetic sulfonylurea compound, exerts anti-atherosclerosis effects by targeting SIRT1 in ApoE<sup>-/-</sup> mice.
Human apolipoprotein A-I exerts a prophylactic effect on high-fat diet-induced atherosclerosis via inflammation inhibition in a rabbit model.
Impact of birth weight and postnatal diet on the gut microbiota of young adult guinea pigs.
Gut Microbiome of the Canadian Arctic Inuit.
Consumption of low-fat dairy, but not whole-fat dairy, is inversely associated with depressive symptoms in Japanese adults.
Decreased adipose tissue zinc content is associated with metabolic parameters in high fat fed Wistar rats.
High fat diet-induced changes of mouse hepatic transcription and enhancer activity can be reversed by subsequent weight loss.
Aspirin-triggered lipoxin A4 inhibits atherosclerosis progression in apolipoprotein E<sup>-/-</sup> mice.
Association between dietary fat intake and colorectal adenoma in korean adults: A cross-sectional study.
Osteocalcin Improves Metabolic Profiles, Body Composition and Arterial Stiffening in an Induced Diabetic Rat Model.
[Protective effect of Saccharomyces boulardii against intestinal mucosal barrier injury in rats with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease].
Deletion of Protein Kinase C λ in POMC Neurons Predisposes to Diet-Induced Obesity.
c-Abl inhibition mitigates diet-induced obesity through improving insulin sensitivity of subcutaneous fat in mice.
Dietary adequacy of Egyptian children with autism spectrum disorder compared to healthy developing children.
Splenic Immune Response Is Down-Regulated in C57BL/6J Mice Fed Eicosapentaenoic Acid and Docosahexaenoic Acid Enriched High Fat Diet.
Changes of thyroid hormonal status in patients receiving ketogenic diet due to intractable epilepsy.
The CCR2 Inhibitor Propagermanium Attenuates Diet-Induced Insulin Resistance, Adipose Tissue Inflammation and Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis.
Ferulic acid lowers body weight and visceral fat accumulation via modulation of enzymatic, hormonal and inflammatory changes in a mouse model of high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Animal models of obesity in rodents. An integrative review.
The role of dietary fatty acid intake in inflammatory gene expression: a critical review.
Dietary supplementation of grape seed and skin flour mitigates brain oxidative damage induced by a high-fat diet in rat: Gender dependency.
Chemotherapy can induce weight normalization of morbidly obese mice despite undiminished ingestion of high fat diet.
Metabolomic profiles as reliable biomarkers of dietary composition.
Impact of a High-fat Diet on Tissue Acyl-CoA and Histone Acetylation Levels.
Specific Inhibition of Acyl-CoA Oxidase-1 by an Acetylenic Acid Improves Hepatic Lipid and Reactive Oxygen Species (ROS) Metabolism in Rats Fed a High Fat Diet.
Adipose-specific ablation of <i>Nrf2</i> transiently delayed high-fat diet-induced obesity by altering glucose, lipid and energy metabolism of male mice.
Aronia melanocarpa Extract Ameliorates Hepatic Lipid Metabolism through PPARγ2 Downregulation.
<i>Pinus Densiflora</i> Bark Extract (Pinexol) Decreased Adiposity in Mice by Down-Regulation of Hepatic <i>de novo</i> Lipogenesis and Adipogenesis in White Adipose Tissue.
ATF3 expression in cardiomyocytes preserves homeostasis in the heart and controls peripheral glucose tolerance.
Deletion of CD1d in Adipocytes Aggravates Adipose Tissue Inflammation and Insulin Resistance in Obesity.
Gene-metabolite network analysis in different nonalcoholic fatty liver disease phenotypes.
Dietary fatty acids influence the growth and fatty acid composition of the yellow mealworm Tenebrio molitor (Coleoptera: Tenebrionidae).
Macrophagic CD146 promotes foam cell formation and retention during atherosclerosis.
White to beige conversion in PDE3B KO adipose tissue through activation of AMPK signaling and mitochondrial function.
A 'Landscape physiology' approach for assessing bee health highlights the benefits of floral landscape enrichment and semi-natural habitats.
Amelioration of high fat diet-induced nephropathy by cilostazol and rosuvastatin.
A High Rate of Non-Compliance Confounds the Study of Whole Grains and Weight Maintenance in a Randomised Intervention Trial-The Case for Greater Use of Dietary Biomarkers in Nutrition Intervention Studies.
Mouse Genome-Wide Association Study of Preclinical Group II Pulmonary Hypertension Identifies Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor.
Exercise-induced effects on UCP1 expression in classical brown adipose tissue: a systematic review.
Probiotic mixture improves fatty liver disease by virtue of its action on lipid profiles, leptin, and inflammatory biomarkers.
Resolvin RvD2 reduces hypothalamic inflammation and rescues mice from diet-induced obesity.
Nesfatin-1 modulates murine gastric vagal afferent mechanosensitivity in a nutritional state dependent manner.
Cardiovascular function in male and female JCR:LA-cp rats: effect of high-fat/high-sucrose diet.
Modulatory effect of vanillic acid on antioxidant status in high fat diet-induced changes in diabetic hypertensive rats.
Quercetin improves macrophage reverse cholesterol transport in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice fed a high-fat diet.
The signalling mechanisms of a novel mitochondrial complex I inhibitor prevent lipid accumulation and attenuate TNF-α-induced insulin resistance in vitro.
[Effect of exendin-4 on lipid deposition in skeletal muscle of diet-induced obese mice and its underlying mechanism].
Royal jelly ameliorates diet-induced obesity and glucose intolerance by promoting brown adipose tissue thermogenesis in mice.
Adipose Tissue CLK2 Promotes Energy Expenditure during High-Fat Diet Intermittent Fasting.
Prevention of Dietary-Fat-Fueled Ketogenesis Attenuates BRAF V600E Tumor Growth.
Steatorrhea and Hyperoxaluria in Severely Obese Patients Before and After Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass.
HNE and cholesterol oxidation products in colorectal inflammation and carcinogenesis.
Nitrite increases glucose-stimulated insulin secretion and islet insulin content in obese type 2 diabetic male rats.
Attenuation of obesity-induced inflammation in mice orally administered with salmon cartilage proteoglycan, a prophylactic agent.
Sensory-specific satiety is intact in rats made obese on a high-fat high-sugar choice diet.
Amylin/leptin synergy is absent in extreme obesity and not restored by calorie restriction-induced weight loss in rats.
Uninephrectomized High-Fat-Fed Nicotinamide-Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Rats: A Model for the Investigation of Diabetic Nephropathy in Type 2 Diabetes.
Hepatocyte Toll-Like Receptor 5 Promotes Bacterial Clearance and Protects Mice Against High-Fat Diet-Induced Liver Disease.
Estimation of ellagic acid and/or repaglinide effects on insulin signaling, oxidative stress, and inflammatory mediators of liver, pancreas, adipose tissue, and brain in insulin resistant/type 2 diabetic rats.
An estrogen receptor β-selective agonist inhibits non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in preclinical models by regulating bile acid and xenobiotic receptors.
Differential hypothalamic leptin sensitivity in obese rat offspring exposed to maternal and postnatal intake of chocolate and soft drink.
Circadian- and UPR-dependent control of CPEB4 mediates a translational response to counteract hepatic steatosis under ER stress.
Omija fruit ethanol extract improves adiposity and related metabolic disturbances in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Potential involvement of dietary advanced glycation end products in impairment of skeletal muscle growth and muscle contractile function in mice.
Role of leptin in conditioned place preference to high-fat diet in leptin-deficient ob/ob mice.
A model of type 2 diabetes in the guinea pig using sequential diet-induced glucose intolerance and streptozotocin treatment.
Vertical sleeve gastrectomy reduces blood pressure and hypothalamic endoplasmic reticulum stress in mice.
Vitamin D administration, cognitive function, BBB permeability and neuroinflammatory factors in high-fat diet-induced obese rats.
Deficiency of PTP1B Attenuates Hypothalamic Inflammation via Activation of the JAK2-STAT3 Pathway in Microglia.
Impaired SUMOylation of nuclear receptor LRH-1 promotes nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Three months of western diet induces small intestinal mucosa alteration in TLR KO mice.
Liver alpha-amylase gene expression as an early obesity biomarker.
Cardiomyocyte Regulation of Systemic Lipid Metabolism by the Apolipoprotein B-Containing Lipoproteins in Drosophila.
Effects of pre-germinated brown rice treatment high-fat diet-induced metabolic syndrome in C57BL/6J mice.
Diet, gonadal sex, and sex chromosome complement influence white adipose tissue miRNA expression.
The effects of detraining and training on adipose tissue lipid droplet in obese mice after chronic high-fat diet.
Mice with hyperbilirubinemia due to Gilbert's syndrome polymorphism are resistant to hepatic steatosis by decreased serine 73 phosphorylation of PPARα.
High-Saturated-Fat Diet Increases Circulating Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme, Which Is Enhanced by the rs4343 Polymorphism Defining Persons at Risk of Nutrient-Dependent Increases of Blood Pressure.
Inhibition of Gastric Inhibitory Polypeptide Receptor Signaling in Adipose Tissue Reduces Insulin Resistance and Hepatic Steatosis in High-Fat Diet-Fed Mice.
Atrial natriuretic peptide regulates adipose tissue accumulation in adult atria.
Isolation, characterization and hypolipidemic activity of ferulic acid in high-fat-diet-induced hyperlipidemia in laboratory rats.
Extra virgin olive oil in maternal diet increases osteogenic genes expression, but high amounts have deleterious effects on bones in mice offspring at adolescence.
A selective GPR40 (FFAR1) agonist LY2881835 provides immediate and durable glucose control in rodent models of type 2 diabetes.
Randomised, double-blind, clinical investigation to compare orlistat 60 milligram and a customized polyglucosamine, two treatment methods for the management of overweight and obesity.
Downregulation of PGC-1<i>α</i> Prevents the Beneficial Effect of EET-Heme Oxygenase-1 on Mitochondrial Integrity and Associated Metabolic Function in Obese Mice.
Feeding Asian pangolins: An assessment of current diets fed in institutions worldwide.
Germacrone Attenuates Hyperlipidemia and Improves Lipid Metabolism in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese C57BL/6J Mice.
Antiobesity Effects of Sansa (Crataegi fructus) on 3T3-L1 Cells and on High-Fat-High-Cholesterol Diet-Induced Obese Rats.
Preventive Effects of Drinking Hydrogen-Rich Water on Gingival Oxidative Stress and Alveolar Bone Resorption in Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Diets link metabolic syndrome and colorectal cancer development (Review).
Antifibrotic Effect of Saturated Fatty Acids via Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress Response in Rat Pancreatic Stellate Cells.
[Anti-β(2)GPⅠantibodies accelerate the formation of atherosclerosis in high fat diet fed ApoE deficient mice].
[Impact of CD137-CD137L signaling mediated exocytosis of autophagosome within vascular smooth muscle cells on the formation of atherosclerotic calcification].
Effects of obesity and exercise on testicular leptin signal transduction and testosterone biosynthesis in male mice.
β hydroxybutyrate levels in serum and cerebrospinal fluid under ketone body metabolism in rats.
Preventive effect of Eucommia leaf extract on aortic media hypertrophy in Wistar-Kyoto rats fed a high-fat diet.
Protease-Activated Receptor 2 Promotes Pro-Atherogenic Effects through Transactivation of the VEGF Receptor 2 in Human Vascular Smooth Muscle Cells.
Molecular cloning and gene/protein expression of FAT/CD36 from grass carp (Ctenopharyngodon idella) and the regulation of its expression by dietary energy.
HO-1 inhibits preadipocyte proliferation and differentiation at the onset of obesity via ROS dependent activation of Akt2.
Sesamol ameliorates high-fat and high-fructose induced cognitive defects via improving insulin signaling disruption in the central nervous system.
Dietary α-cyclodextrin reduces atherosclerosis and modifies gut flora in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice.
Aryl hydrocarbon receptor-deficient mice are protected from high fat diet-induced changes in metabolic rhythms.
Curcumin represses mouse 3T3-L1 cell adipogenic differentiation via inhibiting miR-17-5p and stimulating the Wnt signalling pathway effector Tcf7l2.
Human Milk Lipids.
T-cadherin deficiency increases vascular vulnerability in T2DM through impaired NO bioactivity.
PKCβ: Expanding role in hepatic adaptation of cholesterol homeostasis to dietary fat/cholesterol.
TRPV1 activation counters diet-induced obesity through sirtuin-1 activation and PRDM-16 deacetylation in brown adipose tissue.
Overexpression of bone morphogenetic protein-3b (BMP-3b) in adipose tissues protects against high-fat diet-induced obesity.
The SGLT-2 Inhibitor Dapagliflozin Has a Therapeutic Effect on Atherosclerosis in Diabetic ApoE<sup>-/-</sup> Mice.
Sodium butyrate attenuates high-fat diet-induced steatohepatitis in mice by improving gut microbiota and gastrointestinal barrier.
Baicalin promotes cholesterol efflux by regulating the expression of SR-BI in macrophages.
Associations between hepatic miRNA expression, liver triacylglycerols and gut microbiota during metabolic adaptation to high-fat diet in mice.
Chicory inulin ameliorates type 2 diabetes mellitus and suppresses JNK and MAPK pathways in vivo and in vitro.
Ameliorative effects of Compound K and ginsenoside Rh1 on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in rats.
In vivo metabolomic interpretation of the anti-obesity effects of hyacinth bean (Dolichos lablab L.) administration in high-fat diet mice.
Relationship of Sleep Duration and Regularity with Dietary Intake Among Preschool-Aged Children with Obesity from Low-Income Families.
Mass Spectrometry-Based Metabolomic and Lipidomic Analyses of the Effects of Dietary Platycodon grandiflorum on Liver and Serum of Obese Mice under a High-Fat Diet.
6-Paradol and 6-Shogaol, the Pungent Compounds of Ginger, Promote Glucose Utilization in Adipocytes and Myotubes, and 6-Paradol Reduces Blood Glucose in High-Fat Diet-Fed Mice.
Weight Perturbation Alters Leptin Signal Transduction in a Region-Specific Manner throughout the Brain.
Lead Exposure Induces Weight Gain in Adult Rats, Accompanied by DNA Hypermethylation.
The phenomenon of atherosclerosis reversal and regression: Lessons from animal models.
Reversal of high fat diet-induced obesity improves glucose tolerance, inflammatory response, β-amyloid accumulation and cognitive decline in the APP/PSEN1 mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
Pleiotropic responses to methionine restriction.
TLR4 knockout attenuated high fat diet-induced cardiac dysfunction via NF-κB/JNK-dependent activation of autophagy.
Macrophage Proliferation Sustains Adipose Tissue Inflammation in Formerly Obese Mice.
Postnatal resveratrol supplementation improves cardiovascular function in male and female intrauterine growth restricted offspring.
Clostridium butyricum B1 alleviates high-fat diet-induced steatohepatitis in mice via enterohepatic immunoregulation.
[Effect of Hugan Qingzhi tablets on AMPK pathway activation and NF-κB-p65 protein expression in the liver of rats with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease].
Sodium Butyrate Protects -Against High Fat Diet-Induced Cardiac Dysfunction and Metabolic Disorders in Type II Diabetic Mice.
A novel dual amylin and calcitonin receptor agonist, KBP-089, induces weight loss through a reduction in fat, but not lean mass, while improving food preference.
In utero exposure to germinated brown rice and its oryzanol-rich extract attenuated high fat diet-induced insulin resistance in F1 generation of rats.
Myocardial Blood Flow and Inflammatory Cardiac Sarcoidosis.
Curcumin ameliorates liver damage and progression of NASH in NASH-HCC mouse model possibly by modulating HMGB1-NF-κB translocation.
Long-term exposure to a butter-rich diet induces mild-to-moderate steatosis in Chang liver cells and Swiss albino mice models.
Kefir prevented excess fat accumulation in diet-induced obese mice.
Effect of dietary macronutrients on aflatoxicosis: a mini-review.
Requirements of n-3 very long-chain PUFA in Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar L): effects of different dietary levels of EPA and DHA on fish performance and tissue composition and integrity.
Nutritional Status and Habitual Dietary Intake Are Associated with Frail Skin Conditions in Community-Dwelling Older People.
Effect of 6-gingerol on AMPK- NF-κB axis in high fat diet fed rats.
The Effects of Metformin on Obesity-Induced Dysfunctional Retinas.
Changes in CD4<sup>+</sup>CD25<sup>+</sup> Tregs in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis in ApoE<sup>-/-</sup> mice.
Effects of perinatal diet and prenatal stress on the behavioural profile of aged male and female rats.
Modulation of circadian clocks by nutrients and food factors.
Erratum to: High-fat diet-induced obesity exacerbates kainic acid-induced hippocampal cell death.
Short-term, high-fat overfeeding impairs glycaemic control but does not alter gut hormone responses to a mixed meal tolerance test in healthy, normal-weight individuals.
APOC3 Protein Is Not a Predisposing Factor for Fat-induced Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Mice.
Gold-quercetin nanoparticles prevent metabolic endotoxemia-induced kidney injury by regulating TLR4/NF-κB signaling and Nrf2 pathway in high fat diet fed mice.
Consumer Acceptability of Intramuscular Fat.
Characteristics and Health Benefit of Highly Marbled Wagyu and Hanwoo Beef.
High fat diet modifies the association of lipoprotein lipase gene polymorphism with high density lipoprotein cholesterol in an Asian Indian population.
A rich medium-chain triacylglycerol diet benefits adiposity but has adverse effects on the markers of hepatic lipogenesis and beta-oxidation.
Long-term dietary supplementation with low-dose nobiletin ameliorates hepatic steatosis, insulin resistance, and inflammation without altering fat mass in diet-induced obesity.
Preparation and preservation of viable Akkermansia muciniphila cells for therapeutic interventions.
Randomized controlled trial of the effect of phytosterols-enriched low-fat milk on lipid profile in Chinese.
Development of a Mouse Model of Metabolic Syndrome, Pulmonary Hypertension, and Heart Failure with Preserved Ejection Fraction.
Translational models for vascular cognitive impairment: a review including larger species.
Hawthorn (Crataegus pinnatifida Bunge) leave flavonoids attenuate atherosclerosis development in apoE knock-out mice.
Hindbrain DPP-IV inhibition improves glycemic control and promotes negative energy balance.
Fibroblast growth factor 15/19 (FGF15/19) protects from diet-induced hepatic steatosis: development of an FGF19-based chimeric molecule to promote fatty liver regeneration.
Ser1928 phosphorylation by PKA stimulates the L-type Ca2+ channel CaV1.2 and vasoconstriction during acute hyperglycemia and diabetes.
The Effects of Intensive Weight Reduction on Body Composition and Serum Hormones in Female Fitness Competitors.
Comparison of the behavioral effects of exercise and high fat diet on cognitive function in adolescent rats.
Progranulin, a new adipokine at the crossroads of metabolic syndrome, diabetes, dyslipidemia and hypertension.
Association between dietary fat intake and insulin resistance in Chinese child twins.
Does chronic physical activity level modify the airway inflammatory response to an acute bout of exercise in the postprandial period?
Lychee pulp phenolics ameliorate hepatic lipid accumulation by reducing miR-33 and miR-122 expression in mice fed a high-fat diet.
The Potential Role of an Endotoxin Tolerance-Like Mechanism for the Anti-Inflammatory Effect of Spirulina platensis Organic Extract in Macrophages.
Protection against High-Fat-Diet-Induced Obesity in MDM2<sup>C305F</sup> Mice Due to Reduced p53 Activity and Enhanced Energy Expenditure.
Effects of <i>G6pc2</i> deletion on body weight and cholesterol in mice.
Ginsenoside Rg1 suppresses early stage of adipocyte development via activation of C/EBP homologous protein-10 in 3T3-L1 and attenuates fat accumulation in high fat diet-induced obese zebrafish.
The effect of Korean Red Ginseng extract on rosiglitazone-induced improvement of glucose regulation in diet-induced obese mice.
Effects of propofol on myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury in rats with type-2 diabetes mellitus.
A critical role for ChREBP-mediated FGF21 secretion in hepatic fructose metabolism.
Global IP6K1 deletion enhances temperature modulated energy expenditure which reduces carbohydrate and fat induced weight gain.
Fetal development of subcutaneous white adipose tissue is dependent on Zfp423.
Celastrol ameliorates liver metabolic damage caused by a high-fat diet through Sirt1.
Endospanin1 affects oppositely body weight regulation and glucose homeostasis by differentially regulating central leptin signaling.
The chemical profiling of loquat leaf extract by HPLC-DAD-ESI-MS and its effects on hyperlipidemia and hyperglycemia in rats induced by a high-fat and fructose diet.
Fatty liver promotes fibrosis in monkeys consuming high fructose.
Digestion and metabolism of low and high residual feed intake Nellore bulls.
Molecular factors involved in the hypolipidemic- and insulin-sensitizing effects of a ginger (Zingiber officinale Roscoe) extract in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Changes in fatty liver index after consuming a Mediterranean diet: 6-year follow-up of the PREDIMED-Malaga trial.
Microbiome Remodeling via the Montmorillonite Adsorption-Excretion Axis Prevents Obesity-related Metabolic Disorders.
Mitochondrial carnitine palmitoyl transferase-II inactivity aggravates lipid accumulation in rat hepatocarcinogenesis.
MTCH2 is a conserved regulator of lipid homeostasis.
A-FABP mediates adaptive thermogenesis by promoting intracellular activation of thyroid hormones in brown adipocytes.
The hepatoprotective effect of Phyllanthus emblica L. fruit on high fat diet-induced non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in SD rats.
Effects of rosa mosqueta oil supplementation in lipogenic markers associated with prevention of liver steatosis.
Administration of multipotent mesenchymal stromal cells restores liver regeneration and improves liver function in obese mice with hepatic steatosis after partial hepatectomy.
Prepregnancy Dietary Patterns Are Associated with Blood Lipid Level Changes During Pregnancy: A Prospective Cohort Study inRio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Moderate intensity treadmill exercise alters food preference via dopaminergic plasticity of ventral tegmental area-nucleus accumbens in obese mice.
Rare Loss-of-Function Variants in <i>NPC1</i> Predispose to Human Obesity.
Intestinal epithelial cell caveolin 1 regulates fatty acid and lipoprotein cholesterol plasma levels.
Impact of Dietary Intake on Bone Turnover in Patients with Phenylalanine Hydroxylase Deficiency.
mRNA abundance of genes involved in mammary lipogenesis during fish oil- or trans-10,cis-12 CLA-induced milk fat depression in dairy ewes.
Treatment of obese asthma in a mouse model by simvastatin is associated with improving dyslipidemia and decreasing leptin level.
5-aminolevulinic acid combined with ferrous ion reduces adiposity and improves glucose tolerance in diet-induced obese mice via enhancing mitochondrial function.
Fermented green tea extract exhibits hypolipidaemic effects through the inhibition of pancreatic lipase and promotion of energy expenditure.
Suppressed Fat Appetite after Roux-en-Y Gastric Bypass Surgery Associates with Reduced Brain μ-opioid Receptor Availability in Diet-Induced Obese Male Rats.
EGCG Prevents High Fat Diet-Induced Changes in Gut Microbiota, Decreases of DNA Strand Breaks, and Changes in Expression and DNA Methylation of <i>Dnmt1</i> and <i>MLH1</i> in C57BL/6J Male Mice.
Evaluating the Influence of Side Stream Cigarette Smoke at an Early Stage of Non-Alcoholic Steatohepatitis Progression in Mice.
Diet-Induced Obesity Enhances TRPV1-Mediated Neurovascular Reactions in the Dura Mater.
The Human Longevity Gene Homolog INDY and Interleukin-6 Interact in Hepatic Lipid Metabolism.
Mediterranean diet and risk of heart failure: results from the PREDIMED randomized controlled trial.
A 'healthy diet-optimal sleep' lifestyle pattern is inversely associated with liver stiffness and insulin resistance in patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Insulin Production and Resistance in Different Models of Diet-Induced Obesity and Metabolic Syndrome.
Purple Sweet Potato Attenuate Weight Gain in High Fat Diet Induced Obese Mice.
Diabetes Perturbs Bone Microarchitecture and Bone Strength through Regulation of Sema3A/IGF-1/β-Catenin in Rats.
Impact of dietary fat composition on prediabetes: a 12-year follow-up study.
Saturation of SERCA's lipid annulus may protect against its thermal inactivation.
Interleukin-37 suppresses the osteogenic responses of human aortic valve interstitial cells in vitro and alleviates valve lesions in mice.
High fat feeding unmasks variable insulin responses in male C57BL/6 mouse substrains.
The effects of liraglutide in mice with diet-induced obesity studied by metabolomics.
Deletion of p22<sup>phox</sup>-dependent oxidative stress in the hypothalamus protects against obesity by modulating <b>β</b><sub>3</sub>-adrenergic mechanisms.
Nutritional background changes the hypolipidemic effects of fenofibrate in Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus).
Antihyperlipidaemic effect of triterpenic acid-enriched fraction from Cyclocarya paliurus leaves in hyperlipidaemic rats.
New insights into the mechanisms of the ketogenic diet.
Effects of prenatal low protein and postnatal high fat diets on visceral adipose tissue macrophage phenotypes and IL-6 expression in Sprague Dawley rat offspring.
Pro-fibrotic infrapatellar fat pad remodeling without M1-macrophage polarization precedes knee osteoarthritis in diet-induced obese mice.
Physical exercise ameliorates mood disorder-like behavior on high fat diet-induced obesity in mice.
Ginkgolide A ameliorates non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases on high fat diet mice.
Compound K attenuates glucose intolerance and hepatic steatosis through AMPK-dependent pathways in type 2 diabetic OLETF rats.
Extra virgin olive oil consumption reduces the risk of osteoporotic fractures in the PREDIMED trial.
Vitamin D reduces high-fat diet induced weight gain and C-reactive protein, increases interleukin-10, and reduces CD86 and caspase-3.
Osteosarcopenic obesity in women: impact, prevalence, and management challenges.
Effects of obesity on protein kinase C, brain creatine kinase, transcription, and autophagy in cochlea.
1,25(OH)<sub>2</sub> D<sub>3</sub> attenuates hepatic steatosis by inducing autophagy in mice.
Proximate causes for diet-induced obesity in laboratory mice: a case study.
β-arrestin-2 is an essential regulator of pancreatic β-cell function under physiological and pathophysiological conditions.
Synergistic effects of metformin with liraglutide against endothelial dysfunction through GLP-1 receptor and PKA signalling pathway.
Consumption of Red Meat, but Not Cooking Oils High in Polyunsaturated Fat, Is Associated with Higher Arachidonic Acid Status in Singapore Chinese Adults.
Impact of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease on Toxicokinetics of Tetrachloroethylene in Mice.
Dietary Protein Modifies the Effect of the <i>MC4R</i> Genotype on 2-Year Changes in Appetite and Food Craving: The POUNDS Lost Trial.
Are the price patterns of cardioprotective vs. unhealthy foods the same? A report from Iran.
Physiological, Nutritional and Performance Profiles of Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Athletes.
Bariatric surgery emphasizes biological sex differences in rodent hepatic lipid handling.
Macrophage TGF-<i>β</i>1 and the Proapoptotic Extracellular Matrix Protein BIGH3 Induce Renal Cell Apoptosis in Prediabetic and Diabetic Conditions.
Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry underestimates in vivo lumbar spine bone mineral density in overweight rats.
Small Intestinal Bypass Induces a Persistent Weight-Loss Effect and Improves Glucose Tolerance in Obese Rats.
Nitrogen balance in patients with hemiparetic stroke during the subacute rehabilitation phase.
PPAR-γ agonist ameliorates liver pathology accompanied by increasing regulatory B and T cells in high-fat-diet mice.
Trends in Beverage Consumption Among High School Students - United States, 2007-2015.
The effects of short-term high-fat feeding on exercise capacity: multi-tissue transcriptome changes by RNA sequencing analysis.
Effect of omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids derived from fish oil in major burn patients: A prospective randomized controlled pilot trial.
Interleukin-17A exacerbates high-fat diet-induced hepatic steatosis by inhibiting fatty acid β-oxidation.
Steroidogenic acute regulatory protein (StAR) overexpression attenuates HFD-induced hepatic steatosis and insulin resistance.
Prevention of Diet-Induced Metabolic Dysregulation, Inflammation, and Atherosclerosis in <i>Ldlr<sup>-/-</sup></i> Mice by Treatment With the ATP-Citrate Lyase Inhibitor Bempedoic Acid.
Race-dependent association of sulfidogenic bacteria with colorectal cancer.
Sub-erythemal ultraviolet radiation reduces metabolic dysfunction in already overweight mice.
Promoting Effect of α-Tocopherol on Beige Adipocyte Differentiation in 3T3-L1 Cells and Rat White Adipose Tissue.
Trigonelline attenuates hepatic complications and molecular alterations in high-fat high-fructose diet-induced insulin resistance in rats.
Novel Lipidomic Biomarkers in Hyperlipidemia and Cardiovascular Diseases: An Integrative Biology Analysis.
In vitro and in vivo imaging of peroxynitrite by a ratiometric boronate-based fluorescent probe.
Zinc rescues obesity-induced cardiac hypertrophy via stimulating metallothionein to suppress oxidative stress-activated BCL10/CARD9/p38 MAPK pathway.
Fenofibrate, but not ezetimibe, prevents fatty liver disease in mice lacking phosphatidylethanolamine <i>N</i>-methyltransferase.
Effects of bacterial direct-fed microbials on ruminal characteristics, methane emission, and milk fatty acid composition in cows fed high- or low-starch diets.
Resistant maltodextrin or fructooligosaccharides promotes GLP-1 production in male rats fed a high-fat and high-sucrose diet, and partially reduces energy intake and adiposity.
Infant Adiposity is Independently Associated with a Maternal High Fat Diet but not Related to Niacin Intake: The Healthy Start Study.
Antrodia cinnamomea Prevents Obesity, Dyslipidemia, and the Derived Fatty Liver via Regulating AMPK and SREBP Signaling.
Chronic administration of grape-seed polyphenols attenuates the development of hypertension and improves other cardiometabolic risk factors associated with the metabolic syndrome in cafeteria diet-fed rats.
Aerobic endurance training improves nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) features via miR-33 dependent autophagy induction in high fat diet fed mice.
Preservation of vascular DDAH activity contributes to the protection of captopril against endothelial dysfunction in hyperlipidemic rabbits.
17β-Estradiol protects against the effects of a high fat diet on cardiac glucose, lipid and nitric oxide metabolism in rats.
Antidiabetic effects of Morus alba fruit polysaccharides on high-fat diet- and streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetes in rats.
Embelin attenuates adipogenesis and lipogenesis through activating canonical Wnt signaling and inhibits high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Apolipoprotein CIII Overexpression-Induced Hypertriglyceridemia Increases Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Association with Inflammation and Cell Death.
Preventive effect of Silibinin in combination with Pu-erh tea extract on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in ob/ob mice.
FAK signalling controls insulin sensitivity through regulation of adipocyte survival.
Socio-Demographic Determinants of Diet Quality in Australian Adults Using the Validated Healthy Eating Index for Australian Adults (HEIFA-2013).
Pharmacological Inhibition of c-Jun N-terminal Kinase Reduces Food Intake and Sensitizes Leptin's Anorectic Signaling Actions.
Stagnation of autophagy: A novel mechanism of renal lipotoxicity.
Effects of a very high saturated fat diet on LDL particles in adults with atherogenic dyslipidemia: A randomized controlled trial.
A potential role for the secretogranin II-derived peptide EM66 in the hypothalamic regulation of feeding behaviour.
Glycemic, insulinemic and incretin responses after oral trehalose ingestion in healthy subjects.
Effect of a high protein diet and/or resistance exercise on the preservation of fat free mass during weight loss in overweight and obese older adults: a randomized controlled trial.
Using reduced rank regression methods to identify dietary patterns associated with obesity: a cross-country study among European and Australian adolescents.
A maternal Western diet during gestation and lactation modifies offspring's microbiota activity, blood lipid levels, cognitive responses, and hippocampal neurogenesis in Yucatan pigs.
Association between Nutrient Intake and Metabolic Syndrome in Patients with Colorectal Cancer.
Phytosterol esters attenuate hepatic steatosis in rats with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease rats fed a high-fat diet.
Deacetylated Konjac Glucomannan Is Less Effective in Reducing Dietary-Induced Hyperlipidemia and Hepatic Steatosis in C57BL/6 Mice.
The anti-obesity effect of fermented barley extracts with Lactobacillus plantarum dy-1 and Saccharomyces cerevisiae in diet-induced obese rats.
Genome-wide analysis identifies colonic genes differentially associated with serum leptin and insulin concentrations in C57BL/6J mice fed a high-fat diet.
Insoluble dietary fiber from pear pomace can prevent high-fat diet induced obesity in rats mainly by improving the structure of gut microbiota.
Exosomal MicroRNA-15a Transfer from the Pancreas Augments Diabetic Complications by Inducing Oxidative Stress.
Oxidized LDL-induced JAB1 influences NF-κB independent inflammatory signaling in human macrophages during foam cell formation.
Inhibition of dynamin-related protein 1 protects against myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury in diabetic mice.
High-Fat Diet, Dysbiosis, and Gastrointestinal and Colonic Transit: Is There a Missing Link?
Emerging Roles of ER Stress and Unfolded Protein Response Pathways in Skeletal Muscle Health and Disease.
Effects of distillers dried grains with solubles and added fat fed immediately before slaughter on growth performance and carcass characteristics of finishing pigs.
Exercise restores bioavailability of hydrogen sulfide and promotes autophagy influx in livers of mice fed with high-fat diet.
Ciliary neurotrophic factor analogue aggravates CCl<sub>4</sub>-induced acute hepatic injury in rats.
Dysfunction of endothelial progenitor cells in hyperlipidemic rats involves the increase of NADPH oxidase derived reactive oxygen species production.
The Rab-GTPase activating protein, TBC1D1, is critical for maintaining normal glucose homeostasis and β-cell mass.
Effects of high-protein intake on bone turnover in long-term bed rest in women.
Impaired mitochondria and intracellular calcium transients in the salivary glands of obese rats.
Association between Dietary Inflammatory Index (DII) and risk of prediabetes: a case-control study.
Monocyte chemotactic protein-1 deficiency attenuates and high-fat diet exacerbates bone loss in mice with Lewis lung carcinoma.
High-fat diet alters weight, caloric intake, and haloperidol sensitivity in the context of effort-based responding.
Midgut-Derived Activin Regulates Glucagon-like Action in the Fat Body and Glycemic Control.
Reference genes for quantitative PCR in the adipose tissue of mice with metabolic disease.
Comparative transcriptomic analysis of mice liver treated with different AMPK activators in a mice model of atherosclerosis.
Caryocar brasiliense oil improves cardiac function by increasing Serca2a/PLB ratio despite no significant changes in cardiovascular risk factors in rats.
Nutrition modulates Fto and Irx3 gene transcript levels, but does not alter their DNA methylation profiles in rat white adipose tissues.
Differential proteomics profiling identifies LDPs and biological functions in high-fat diet-induced fatty livers.
Nutritional and Lipid Modulation of PCSK9: Effects on Cardiometabolic Risk Factors.
Putative Membrane-Bound Transporters MFSD14A and MFSD14B Are Neuronal and Affected by Nutrient Availability.
GPRC6A: Jack of all metabolism (or master of none).
Blocking iNOS and endoplasmic reticulum stress synergistically improves insulin resistance in mice.
Carnitine acetyltransferase (CRAT) expression in macrophages is dispensable for nutrient stress sensing and inflammation.
Kodo millet whole grain and bran supplementation prevents high-fat diet induced derangements in a lipid profile, inflammatory status and gut bacteria in mice.
Voluntary exercise improves murine dermal connective tissue status in high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Adherence to Mediterranean diet is associated with methylation changes in inflammation-related genes in peripheral blood cells.
Sirtuin1 protects endothelial Caveolin-1 expression and preserves endothelial function via suppressing miR-204 and endoplasmic reticulum stress.
Marked augmentation of PLGA nanoparticle-induced metabolically beneficial impact of γ-oryzanol on fuel dyshomeostasis in genetically obese-diabetic ob/ob mice.
Effects of almond consumption on the post-lunch dip and long-term cognitive function in energy-restricted overweight and obese adults.
High-dose metformin (420mg/kg daily p.o.) increases insulin sensitivity but does not affect neointimal thickness in the rat carotid balloon injury model of restenosis.
Effects of lifestyle interventions on clinical characteristics of patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: A meta-analysis.
Consumption of red and processed meat and refined grains for 4weeks decreases insulin sensitivity in insulin-resistant adults: A randomized crossover study.
2016 <i>ATVB</i> Plenary Lecture: Receptor for Advanced Glycation Endproducts and Implications for the Pathogenesis an Treatment of Cardiometabolic Disorders: Spotlight on the Macrophage.
Sarcolipin expression is not required for the mitochondrial enzymatic response to physical activity or diet.
Long-term administration of tacrolimus and everolimus prevents high cholesterol-high fructose-induced steatosis in C57BL/6J mice by inhibiting de-novo lipogenesis.
Oxidative Modification in the Salivary Glands of High Fat-Diet Induced Insulin Resistant Rats.
Long Term High Fat Diet Treatment: An Appropriate Approach to Study the Sex-Specificity of the Autonomic and Cardiovascular Responses to Obesity in Mice.
A combination of dietary N-3 fatty acids and a cyclooxygenase-1 inhibitor attenuates nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in mice.
Dairy intake in relation to prostate cancer survival.
Expression of Concern. EGFR Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor (PD153035) Improves Glucose Tolerance and Insulin Action in High-Fat Diet-Fed Mice. Diabetes 2009;58:2910-2919. DOI: 10.2337/db08-0506. PMID: 19696185.
Cystathionine γ-lyase protects vascular endothelium: a role for inhibition of histone deacetylase 6.
AICAR ameliorates high-fat diet-associated pathophysiology in mouse and ex vivo models, independent of adiponectin.
An anti-αVβ3 antibody inhibits coronary artery atherosclerosis in diabetic pigs.
The reproductive performance of female goats treated with melatonin is not improved after introduction to bucks displaying springtime sexual activity if these does are experiencing decreasing body weight/condition score.
Self-administered nicotine differentially impacts body weight gain in obesity-prone and obesity-resistant rats.
The Obesogenic Potency of Various High-Caloric Diet Compositions in Male Rats, and Their Effects on Expression of Liver and Kidney Proteins Involved in Drug Elimination.
Chronic administration of saturated fats and fructose differently affect SREBP activity resulting in different modulation of Nrf2 and Nlrp3 inflammasome pathways in mice liver.
Obesity-Induced Metabolic Stress Leads to Biased Effector Memory CD4<sup>+</sup> T Cell Differentiation via PI3K p110δ-Akt-Mediated Signals.
Hepatocellular adenoma with severe fatty change in a male Spontaneously Diabetic Torii rat.
Ghrelin-Reactive Immunoglobulins in Conditions of Altered Appetite and Energy Balance.
Quercetin and Quercetin-Rich Red Onion Extract Alter <i>Pgc-1α</i> Promoter Methylation and Splice Variant Expression.
Supplemental Smartamine M in higher-energy diets during the prepartal period improves hepatic biomarkers of health and oxidative status in Holstein cows.
Differences in Gut Metabolites and Microbial Composition and Functions between Egyptian and U.S. Children Are Consistent with Their Diets.
Dietary cholesterol and egg yolk should be avoided by patients at risk of vascular disease.
Molecular characterisation of tumour necrosis factor alpha and its potential connection with lipoprotein lipase and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors in blunt snout bream (Megalobrama amblycephala).
Deletion of CD73 in mice leads to Aortic Valve Dysfunction.
β<sub>7</sub>-Integrin and MAdCAM-1 play opposing roles during the development of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Adipose tissue B2 cells promote insulin resistance through leukotriene LTB4/LTB4R1 signaling.
Myoinositol ameliorates high-fat diet and streptozotocin-induced diabetes in rats through promoting insulin receptor signaling.
Protective effects of Ficus carica leaves on glucose and lipids levels, carbohydrate metabolism enzymes and β-cells in type 2 diabetic rats.
Tacrolimus in the prevention of adverse pregnancy outcomes and diabetes-associated embryopathies in obese and diabetic mice.
Astaxanthin inhibits inflammation and fibrosis in the liver and adipose tissue of mouse models of diet-induced obesity and nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
Mediterranean Diet Improves High-Density Lipoprotein Function in High-Cardiovascular-Risk Individuals: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
IL-25 stimulates M2 macrophage polarization and thereby promotes mitochondrial respiratory capacity and lipolysis in adipose tissues against obesity.
Gut to Brain Dysbiosis: Mechanisms Linking Western Diet Consumption, the Microbiome, and Cognitive Impairment.
<i>Gelidium amansii</i> extract ameliorates obesity by down-regulating adipogenic transcription factors in diet-induced obese mice.
Activation of Insulin-PI3K/Akt-p70S6K Pathway in Hepatic Stellate Cells Contributes to Fibrosis in Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis.
The differential effects of high-fat and high-fructose diets on physiology and behavior in male rats.
Zinc finger protein ZPR9 functions as an activator of AMPK-related serine/threonine kinase MPK38/MELK involved in ASK1/TGF-β/p53 signaling pathways.
Lipid droplet dynamics and insulin sensitivity upon a 5-day high-fat diet in Caucasians and South Asians.
Nopal feeding reduces adiposity, intestinal inflammation and shifts the cecal microbiota and metabolism in high-fat fed rats.
Taxes and Subsidies for Improving Diet and Population Health in Australia: A Cost-Effectiveness Modelling Study.
Deletion of hypoxia-inducible factor-1α in myeloid lineage exaggerates angiotensin II-induced formation of abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Dietary nitrite reverses features of postmenopausal metabolic syndrome induced by high-fat diet and ovariectomy in mice.
M1 macrophages are required for murine cerebral aneurysm formation.
Phloretin Prevents High-Fat Diet-Induced Obesity and Improves Metabolic Homeostasis.
Physical activity prevents alterations in mitochondrial ultrastructure and glucometabolic parameters in a high-sugar diet model.
Melatonin prevents obesity through modulation of gut microbiota in mice.
The efficacy of protein supplementation during recovery from muscle-damaging concurrent exercise.
Host Genotype and Gut Microbiome Modulate Insulin Secretion and Diet-Induced Metabolic Phenotypes.
Feeding value of field beans (Vicia faba L. var. minor) with and without enzyme containing tannase, pectinase and xylanase activities for broilers.
Role of A<sub>1</sub> and A<sub>2A</sub> adenosine receptor agonists in adipose tissue inflammation induced by obesity in mice.
Total and subtypes of dietary fat intake and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea (PREDIMED) study.
Neutrophil Elastase Regulates Emergency Myelopoiesis Preceding Systemic Inflammation in Diet-induced Obesity.
Fasting-mimicking diet and markers/risk factors for aging, diabetes, cancer, and cardiovascular disease.
BAR502, a dual FXR and GPBAR1 agonist, promotes browning of white adipose tissue and reverses liver steatosis and fibrosis.
High-fat high-sugar diet induces polycystic ovary syndrome in a rodent model†.
Effects of acute exposure to a high-fat, high-sucrose diet on gestational glucose tolerance and subsequent maternal health in mice†.
The effect of hydration status on the measurement of lean tissue mass by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry.
Wholegrain oat diet changes the expression of genes associated with intestinal bile acid transport.
An Exercise-Only Intervention in Obese Fathers  Restores Glucose and Insulin Regulation in  Conjunction with the Rescue of Pancreatic Islet Cell  Morphology and MicroRNA Expression in Male  Offspring.
Does the Valuation of Nutritional Claims Differ among Consumers? Insights from Spain.
UP601, a standardized botanical composition composed of Morus alba, Yerba mate and Magnolia officinalis for weight loss.
Vinexin β Ablation Inhibits Atherosclerosis in Apolipoprotein E-Deficient Mice by Inactivating the Akt-Nuclear Factor κB Inflammatory Axis.
Glucoraphanin Ameliorates Obesity and Insulin Resistance Through Adipose Tissue Browning and Reduction of Metabolic Endotoxemia in Mice.
Methyl donor supplementation alters cognitive performance and motivation in female offspring from high-fat diet-fed dams.
The prevalence, awareness and control rate of hypertension among elderly in northwest of Iran.
Targeted mass media interventions promoting healthy behaviours to reduce risk of non-communicable diseases in adult, ethnic minorities.
Impaired learning and memory in rats induced by a high-fat diet: Involvement with the imbalance of nesfatin-1 abundance and copine 6 expression.
Associations between children's diet quality and watching television during meal or snack consumption: A systematic review.
Ambient Ultrafine Particle Ingestion Alters Gut Microbiota in Association with Increased Atherogenic Lipid Metabolites.
The Phytocomplex from Fucus vesiculosus and Ascophyllum nodosum Controls Postprandial Plasma Glucose Levels: An In Vitro and In Vivo Study in a Mouse Model of NASH.
Oxyresveratrol Supplementation to C57bl/6 Mice Fed with a High-Fat Diet Ameliorates Obesity-Associated Symptoms.
Branched-chain amino acids prevent hepatic fibrosis and development of hepatocellular carcinoma in a non-alcoholic steatohepatitis mouse model.
Safety assessment of medium- and long-chain triacylglycerols containing 30% (w/w) medium-chain fatty acids in mice and rats.
Hypoglycemic effect of the polyphenols rich extract from Rose rugosa Thunb on high fat diet and STZ induced diabetic rats.
Butein induction of HO-1 by p38 MAPK/Nrf2 pathway in adipocytes attenuates high-fat diet induced adipose hypertrophy in mice.
An ATF4/ATG5 Signaling in Hypothalamic POMC Neurons Regulates Fat Mass via Affecting Energy Expenditure.
Is There an Optimal Diet for Weight Management and Metabolic Health?
Small heterodimer partner (SHP) contributes to insulin resistance in cardiomyocytes.
Protective Effects of Fluvastatin on Reproductive Function in Obese Male Rats Induced by High-Fat Diet through Enhanced Signaling of mTOR.
A novel mechanism of diabetic vascular endothelial dysfunction: Hypoadiponectinemia-induced NLRP3 inflammasome activation.
Endothelial overexpression of endothelin-1 modulates aortic, carotid, iliac and renal arterial responses in obese mice.
Berberine Attenuates Intestinal Mucosal Barrier Dysfunction in Type 2 Diabetic Rats.
[Lipid-lowering effect of seven traditional Chinese medicine monomers in zebrafish system].
Chronic supplementation with dietary proanthocyanidins protects from diet-induced intestinal alterations in obese rats.
Comparative effects of energy restriction and resveratrol intake on glycemic control improvement.
Effects of fetal exposure to high-fat diet or maternal hyperglycemia on L-arginine and nitric oxide metabolism in lung.
Acute ghrelin changes food preference from a high-fat diet to chow during binge-like eating in rodents.
Butyrate restores HFD-induced adaptations in brain function and metabolism in mid-adult obese mice.
Influence of hyperglycemia on liver inflammatory conditions in the early phase of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mice.
Inflammation is independent of steatosis in a murine model of steatohepatitis.
Resistant starch lowers postprandial glucose and leptin in overweight adults consuming a moderate-to-high-fat diet: a randomized-controlled trial.
Fetal and neonatal exposure to trans-fatty acids impacts on susceptibility to atherosclerosis in apo E*3 Leiden mice.
CTRP7 deletion attenuates obesity-linked glucose intolerance, adipose tissue inflammation, and hepatic stress.
Muscle PGC-1α is required for long term systemic and local adaptations to a ketogenic diet in mice.
The Loss Of Macrophage Fatty Acid Oxidation Does Not Potentiate Systemic Metabolic Dysfunction.
Mitochondrial energy deficiency leads to hyperproliferation of skeletal muscle mitochondria and enhanced insulin sensitivity.
Sex differences in microglial CX3CR1 signalling determine obesity susceptibility in mice.
DJ-1 maintains energy and glucose homeostasis by regulating the function of brown adipose tissue.
PARP inhibition ameliorates nephropathy in an animal model of type 2 diabetes: focus on oxidative stress, inflammation, and fibrosis.
Energy metabolism during endurance flight and the post-flight recovery phase.
Dietary restriction reduces blood lipids and ameliorates liver function of mice with hyperlipidemia.
Randomised clinical trial: the efficacy and safety of oltipraz, a liver X receptor alpha-inhibitory dithiolethione in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Hepatic Alanine Differentiates Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis From Simple Steatosis in Humans and Mice: A Proton MR Spectroscopy Study With Long Echo Time.
Capsaicin reduces Alzheimer-associated tau changes in the hippocampus of type 2 diabetes rats.
The renal consequences of maternal obesity in offspring are overwhelmed by postnatal high fat diet.
The role of oxidative stress on the pathophysiology of metabolic syndrome.
Anti-obesity effect of ethanolic extract from Cosmos caudatus Kunth leaf in lean rats fed a high fat diet.
ER Stress Protein CHOP Mediates Insulin Resistance by Modulating Adipose Tissue Macrophage Polarity.
Adipose Type One Innate Lymphoid Cells Regulate Macrophage Homeostasis through Targeted Cytotoxicity.
Metabolic and Cardiovascular Benefits and Risks of EMD386088-A 5-HT<sub>6</sub> Receptor Partial Agonist and Dopamine Transporter Inhibitor.
<i>Origanum Majoranum</i> Extract Modulates Gene Expression, Hepatic and Renal Changes in a Rat Model of Type 2 Diabetes.
Hepatic iron storage is related to body adiposity and hepatic inflammation.
Immune dysfunction and increased oxidative stress state in diet-induced obese mice are reverted by nutritional supplementation with monounsaturated and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids.
Protective effect of crocin and voluntary exercise against oxidative stress in the heart of high-fat diet-induced type 2 diabetic rats.
Triticale Bran Alkylresorcinols Enhance Resistance to Oxidative Stress in Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet.
The Effects of Fortification of Legumes and Extrusion on the Protein Digestibility of Wheat Based Snack.
A four-day Western-style dietary intervention causes reductions in hippocampal-dependent learning and memory and interoceptive sensitivity.
Lycium chinense Improves Post-Menopausal Obesity via Regulation of PPAR-γ and Estrogen Receptor-α/β Expressions.
Dietary intervention, but not losartan, completely reverses non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in obese and insulin resistant mice.
16-Dehydropregnenolone lowers serum cholesterol by up-regulation of CYP7A1 in hyperlipidemic male hamsters.
Activation of NLRP3 inflammasome by cholesterol crystals in alcohol consumption induces atherosclerotic lesions.
Hepatic DsbA-L protects mice from diet-induced hepatosteatosis and insulin resistance.
Western Diet Chow Consumption in Rats Induces Striatal Neuronal Activation While Reducing Dopamine Levels without Affecting Spatial Memory in the Radial Arm Maze.
Dietary fat quantity and quality modifies advanced glycation end products metabolism in patients with metabolic syndrome.
High fat diet and associated changes in the expression of micro-RNAs in tissue: Lessons learned from animal studies.
High-Fat Diet Induces Unexpected Fatal Uterine Infections in Mice with aP2-Cre-mediated Deletion of Estrogen Receptor Alpha.
Beneficial effects of exercise on offspring obesity and insulin resistance are reduced by maternal high-fat diet.
The gene expression of the neuronal protein, SLC38A9, changes in mouse brain after in vivo starvation and high-fat diet.
Metabolic risk factors in mice divergently selected for BMR fed high fat and high carb diets.
The herbal formula KH-204 is protective against erectile dysfunction by minimizing oxidative stress and improving lipid profiles in a rat model of erectile dysfunction induced by hypercholesterolaemia.
Modification of the fatty acid composition of an obesogenic diet improves the maternal and placental metabolic environment in obese pregnant mice.
Different types of dietary advice for women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Adiponectin improves endothelial function in mesenteric arteries of rats fed a high-fat diet: role of perivascular adipose tissue.
Diet-induced milk fat depression is associated with alterations in ruminal biohydrogenation pathways and formation of novel fatty acid intermediates in lactating cows.
Effect of equipotent doses of bupivacaine and ropivacaine in high-fat diet fed neonatal rodent model.
Carbohydrate quality and quantity affects the composition of the red blood cell fatty acid membrane in overweight and obese individuals.
IL-17 axis accelerates the inflammatory progression of obese in mice via TBK1 and IKBKE pathway.
Apigenin attenuates hippocampal oxidative events, inflammation and pathological alterations in rats fed high fat, fructose diet.
Novel 5-HT<sub>3</sub> receptor antagonist QCM-4 attenuates depressive-like phenotype associated with obesity in high-fat-diet-fed mice.
Erythrocyte fatty acid composition of Nepal breast-fed infants.
Antenatal weight management: Diet, physical activity, and gestational weight gain in early pregnancy.
Apple Polysaccharide inhibits microbial dysbiosis and chronic inflammation and modulates gut permeability in HFD-fed rats.
Recruitment and Baseline Characteristics of Participants in the Lifestyle Improvement Through Food and Exercise (LIFE) Study.
Antihypertensive agents do not prevent blood-brain barrier dysfunction and cognitive deficits in dietary-induced obese mice.
Connection of Nicotine to Diet-Induced Obesity and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: Cellular and Mechanistic Insights.
High-cholesterol diet does not alter gut microbiota composition in mice.
Lipid overload during gestation and lactation can independently alter lipid homeostasis in offspring and promote metabolic impairment after new challenge to high-fat diet.
Impact of a 6-week non-energy-restricted ketogenic diet on physical fitness, body composition and biochemical parameters in healthy adults.
Switching harmful visceral fat to beneficial energy combustion improves metabolic dysfunctions.
Effects of dietary non-fiber carbohydrates on composition and function of gut microbiome in monogastrics: a review.
Targeting PPARγ in the epigenome rescues genetic metabolic defects in mice.
Rosemary Extract-Mediated Lifespan Extension and Attenuated Oxidative Damage in Drosophila melanogaster Fed on High-Fat Diet.
Tetragonia tetragonioides (Pall.) Kuntze protects estrogen-deficient rats against disturbances of energy and glucose metabolism and decreases proinflammatory cytokines.
Modified lingguizhugan decoction incorporated with dietary restriction and exercise ameliorates hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia and hypertension in a rat model of the metabolic syndrome.
Berberine improves glucogenesis and lipid metabolism in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Cardiogenic shock caused by a left midventricular obstruction during refeeding in a patient with anorexia nervosa.
Effects of maternal high-fat diet and statin treatment on bone marrow endothelial progenitor cells and cardiovascular risk factors in female mice offspring fed a similar diet.
Time-restricted feeding on weekdays restricts weight gain: A study using rat models of high-fat diet-induced obesity.
Rheb Inhibits Beigeing of White Adipose Tissue via PDE4D5-dependent Down-regulation of the cAMP-PKA Signaling Pathway.
Adipose-specific deletion of <i>Kif5b</i> exacerbates obesity and insulin resistance in a mouse model of diet-induced obesity.
Daily supplementation with fresh pomegranate juice increases paraoxonase 1 expression and activity in mice fed a high-fat diet.
HMOX1 as a marker of iron excess-induced adipose tissue dysfunction, affecting glucose uptake and respiratory capacity in human adipocytes.
The histone methyltransferase Suv39h2 contributes to non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in mice.
Obesity and metabolic dysfunction severely influence prostate cell function: role of insulin and IGF1.
Protective Effects of Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 Analog on Renal Tubular Injury in Mice on High-Fat Diet.
Gut-specific Delivery of T-helper 17 Cells Reduces Obesity and Insulin Resistance in Mice.
Serum microRNA-1 and microRNA-133a levels reflect myocardial steatosis in uncomplicated type 2 diabetes.
Four-Week Consumption of Malaysian Honey Reduces Excess Weight Gain and Improves Obesity-Related Parameters in High Fat Diet Induced Obese Rats.
Pathological and molecular analyses of atherosclerotic lesions in ApoE-knockout mice.
Diabetes Worsens Functional Outcomes in Young Female Rats: Comparison of Stroke Models, Tissue Plasminogen Activator Effects, and Sexes.
Melatonin protects against lipid-induced mitochondrial dysfunction in hepatocytes and inhibits stellate cell activation during hepatic fibrosis in mice.
[Prostadoz opportunity for prostate cancer prevention?]
Flavonoid-enriched extract from Hippophae rhamnoides seed reduces high fat diet induced obesity, hypertriglyceridemia, and hepatic triglyceride accumulation in C57BL/6 mice.
Plasma Dihydroceramides Are Diabetes Susceptibility Biomarker Candidates in Mice and Humans.
Pharmacological evaluation of aqueous extract of syzigium cumini for its antihyperglycemic and antidyslipidemic properties in diabetic rats fed a high cholesterol diet-Role of PPARγ and PPARα.
Dgat1 and Dgat2 regulate enterocyte triacylglycerol distribution and alter proteins associated with cytoplasmic lipid droplets in response to dietary fat.
Diet-driven microbiota dysbiosis is associated with vagal remodeling and obesity.
Curcumin improves intestinal barrier function: modulation of intracellular signaling, and organization of tight junctions.
Fat-Specific Sirt6 Ablation Sensitizes Mice to High-Fat Diet-Induced Obesity and Insulin Resistance by Inhibiting Lipolysis.
Oral Administration of Resveratrol Alleviates Osteoarthritis Pathology in C57BL/6J Mice Model Induced by a High-Fat Diet.
Diet affects arctic ground squirrel gut microbial metatranscriptome independent of community structure.
Comparison of the impact of SFAs from cheese and butter on cardiometabolic risk factors: a randomized controlled trial.
Traditional Chinese medicine xin-mai-jia recouples endothelial nitric oxide synthase to prevent atherosclerosis in vivo.
Metabolic in Vivo Labeling Highlights Differences of Metabolically Active Microbes from the Mucosal Gastrointestinal Microbiome between High-Fat and Normal Chow Diet.
Case Study: The Effect of 32 Weeks of Figure-Contest Preparation on a Self-Proclaimed Drug-free Female's Lean Body and Bone Mass.
Withania somnifera leaf alleviates cognitive dysfunction by enhancing hippocampal plasticity in high fat diet induced obesity model.
Particulate Air pollution mediated effects on insulin resistance in mice are independent of CCR2.
Specific bioactive compounds in ginger and apple alleviate hyperglycemia in mice with high fat diet-induced obesity via Nrf2 mediated pathway.
Diet Quality Is Lower and Energy Intake Is Higher on Weekends Compared with Weekdays in Midlife Women: A 1-Year Cohort Study.
The role of exercise training and the endocannabinoid system in atherosclerotic plaque burden and composition in Apo-E-deficient mice.
β-Cell Inactivation of <i>Gpr119</i> Unmasks Incretin-Dependence of GPR119-Mediated Glucoregulation.
Inter- and Intra- observer agreement of FDG-PET/CT image interpretation in patients referred for assessment of Cardiac Sarcoidosis.
[Correlation between the mRNA expression of tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-1 and apparent diffusion coefficient on diffusion-weighted imaging in rats' liver fibrosis].
Salidroside Modulates Insulin Signaling in a Rat Model of Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis.
Investigation of thymol effect on learning and memory impairment induced by intrahippocampal injection of amyloid beta peptide in high fat diet- fed rats.
Fats &amp; fatty acids in Indian diets: Time for serious introspection.
Adiponectin deficiency contributes to the development and progression of benign prostatic hyperplasia in obesity.
Prolonged high-fat diet induces gradual and fat depot-specific DNA methylation changes in adult mice.
Elevated Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) in obese, insulin resistant states is normalised by the synthetic retinoid Fenretinide in mice.
New evidence for the therapeutic potential of curcumin to treat nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in humans.
Hyperleptinemia Exacerbates High-Fat Diet-Mediated Atrial Fibrosis and Fibrillation.
Intake of total saponins and polysaccharides from Polygonatum kingianum affects the gut microbiota in diabetic rats.
Diet high in fructose promotes liver steatosis and hepatocyte apoptosis in C57BL/6J female mice: Role of disturbed lipid homeostasis and increased oxidative stress.
Cold exposure induces the acquisition of brown adipocyte gene expression profiles in cattle inguinal fat normalized with a new set of reference genes for qRT-PCR.
Effect of high fat diets on the NTPDase, 5'-nucleotidase and acetylcholinesterase activities in the central nervous system.
Oncostatin M receptor β deficiency attenuates atherogenesis by inhibiting JAK2/STAT3 signaling in macrophages.
Impaired adipose expansion caused by liver X receptor activation is associated with insulin resistance in mice fed a high-fat diet.
Gypenosides Inhibits Xanthine Oxidoreductase and Ameliorates Urate Excretion in Hyperuricemic Rats Induced by High Cholesterol and High Fat Food (Lipid Emulsion).
Probiotic treatment reduces depressive-like behaviour in rats independently of diet.
Replacing alfalfa silage with tannin-containing birdsfoot trefoil silage in total mixed rations for lactating dairy cows.
A maternal diet high in saturated fat impairs offspring hippocampal function in a sex-specific manner.
Diet choice patterns in rodents depend on novelty of the diet, exercise, species, and sex.
[Chronic stress model in New Zealand white rabbit with hyperlipidemia].
A lipidomic study on the regulation of inflammation and oxidative stress targeted by marine ω-3 PUFA and polyphenols in high-fat high-sucrose diets.
The characteristics of hepatic Gsα-cAMP axis in HSHF diet-fed obese insulin resistance rats and genetic diabetic mice.
Ginsenoside Rg5 Inhibits Succinate-Associated Lipolysis in Adipose Tissue and Prevents Muscle Insulin Resistance.
Impact of Westernized Diet on Gut Microbiota in Children on Leyte Island.
Maternal high-fat diet intensifies the metabolic response to stress in male rat offspring.
Defective lipid metabolism associated with mutation in <i>klf-2</i> and <i>klf-3</i>: important roles of essential dietary salts in fat storage.
Parental High-Fat Diet Promotes Inflammatory and Senescence-Related Changes in Prostate.
Acute caloric restriction counteracts hepatic bile acid and cholesterol deficiency in morbid obesity.
Aerobic Exercise Suppresses Atherosclerosis Through Adiponectin-Nuclear Transcription Factor κB Pathway in Apolipoprotein E-deficient Mice.
PEDF improves atherosclerotic plaque stability by inhibiting macrophage inflammation response.
Amyloid precursor protein modulates macrophage phenotype and diet-dependent weight gain.
Effects of Selenium Yeast on Blood Glucose and Antioxidant Biomarkers in Cholesterol Fed Diet Induced Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Wistar Rats.
Angiotensin AT1A receptors on leptin receptor-expressing cells control resting metabolism.
Obesity promotes prolonged ovalbumin-induced airway inflammation modulating T helper type 1 (Th1), Th2 and Th17 immune responses in BALB/c mice.
Meal pattern alterations associated with intermittent fasting for weight loss are normalized after high-fat diet re-feeding.
Glucocorticoids induced high fat diet preference via activating hypothalamic AMPK signaling in chicks.
Improvement of metabolic disorders by an EP<sup>2</sup> receptor agonist via restoration of the subcutaneous adipose tissue in pulmonary emphysema.
Deletion of Efemp1 Is Protective Against the Development of Sub-RPE Deposits in Mouse Eyes.
Tenebrio molitor Larvae Inhibit Adipogenesis through AMPK and MAPKs Signaling in 3T3-L1 Adipocytes and Obesity in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Dietary lipids differentially modulate the initiation of experimental breast carcinogenesis through their influence on hepatic xenobiotic metabolism and DNA damage in the mammary gland.
Adipocyte-Specific Enhancement of Angiotensin II Type 1 Receptor-Associated Protein Ameliorates Diet-Induced Visceral Obesity and Insulin Resistance.
High fat diet dysregulates microRNA-17-5p and triggers retinal inflammation: Role of endoplasmic-reticulum-stress.
Obesity-induced diet leads to weight gain, systemic metabolic alterations, adipose tissue inflammation, hepatic steatosis, and oxidative stress in gerbils (<i>Meriones unguiculatus</i>).
Suppression of Rho-kinase 1 is responsible for insulin regulation of the AMPK/SREBP-1c pathway in skeletal muscle cells exposed to palmitate.
Liver Regeneration Is Impaired in Mice with Acute Exposure to a Very Low Carbohydrate Diet.
Specific CpG hyper-methylation leads to Ankrd26 gene down-regulation in white adipose tissue of a mouse model of diet-induced obesity.
Lycopene and tomato powder supplementation similarly inhibit high-fat diet induced obesity, inflammatory response, and associated metabolic disorders.
Brain proteomic modifications associated to protective effect of grape extract in a murine model of obesity.
Id1 Promotes Obesity by Suppressing Brown Adipose Thermogenesis and White Adipose Browning.
Ablation of cytochrome P450 omega-hydroxylase 4A14 gene attenuates hepatic steatosis and fibrosis.
Metabolic Dysfunction Underlying Autism Spectrum Disorder and Potential Treatment Approaches.
Niclosamide as an anti-obesity drug: an experimental study.
Effect of Ziziphus jujube Fruit Infusion on Lipid Profiles, Glycaemic Index and Antioxidant Status in Type 2 Diabetic Patients: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial.
Apolipoprotein E4 and Insulin Resistance Interact to Impair Cognition and Alter the Epigenome and Metabolome.
Effects and Mechanisms of Radiofrequency Ablation of Renal Sympathetic Nerve on Anti-Hypertension in Canine.
Lifestyle intervention using the psychoeducational approach is associated with greater cardiometabolic benefits and retention of individuals with worse health status.
Circulating NOD1 Activators and Hematopoietic NOD1 Contribute to Metabolic Inflammation and Insulin Resistance.
Ceramide Is Metabolized to Acylceramide and Stored in Lipid Droplets.
Temporal Trends in Dietary Macronutrient Intakes among Adults in Rural China from 1991 to 2011: Findings from the CHNS.
Hepatocyte Growth Factor Prevented High-Fat Diet-Induced Obesity and Improved Insulin Resistance in Mice.
Unusual Dyslipidemia in Patients with Chronic Kidney Diseases.
[Anti-β2GPI antibody promotes release of inflammatory and pro-thrombosis molecules from arteries in apolipoprotein E-deficient mice].
APD668, a G protein-coupled receptor 119 agonist improves fat tolerance and attenuates fatty liver in high-trans fat diet induced steatohepatitis model in C57BL/6 mice.
Insulin deficiency: A possible link between obesity and cognitive function.
Exenatide improves liver mitochondrial dysfunction and insulin resistance by reducing oxidative stress in high fat diet-induced obese mice.
Maternal high-fat diet in mice leads to innate airway hyperresponsiveness in the adult offspring.
Impact of polyunsaturated and saturated fat overfeeding on the DNA-methylation pattern in human adipose tissue: a randomized controlled trial.
Diet-induced obesity impairs spermatogenesis: a potential role for autophagy.
A gut reaction: The combined influence of exercise and diet on gastrointestinal microbiota in rats.
High-fat diet effects on metabolic responses to chronic stress.
Effects of cafeteria diet and high fat diet intake on anxiety, learning and memory in adult male rats.
The Impact of Virgin Coconut Oil and High-Oleic Safflower Oil on Body Composition, Lipids, and Inflammatory Markers in Postmenopausal Women.
Toyocamycin attenuates free fatty acid-induced hepatic steatosis and apoptosis in cultured hepatocytes and ameliorates nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in mice.
Classification of Human Milks Based on Their Trans 18:1 Fatty Acid Profile and Effect of Maternal Diet.
Effects of dry matter and energy intake on quality of oocytes and embryos in ruminants.
Dietary macronutrient composition and central neuropeptide Y injection affect dietary preference and hypothalamic gene expression in chicks.
Microbes and Diet-Induced Obesity: Fast, Cheap, and Out of Control.
Polysaccharide from Angelica sinensis ameliorates high-fat diet and STZ-induced hepatic oxidative stress and inflammation in diabetic mice by activating the Sirt1-AMPK pathway.
Prebiotic milk oligosaccharides prevent development of obese phenotype, impairment of gut permeability and microbial dysbiosis in high-fat fed mice.
Anti-obesity Effect of Capsaicin in Mice Fed with High-Fat Diet Is Associated with an Increase in Population of the Gut Bacterium <i>Akkermansia muciniphila</i>.
T-Cells Specific for a Self-Peptide of ApoB-100 Exacerbate Aortic Atheroma in Murine Atherosclerosis.
Ginsenoside Rg5 attenuates hepatic glucagon response via suppression of succinate-associated HIF-1α induction in HFD-fed mice.
Mouse soleus (slow) muscle shows greater intramyocellular lipid droplet accumulation than EDL (fast) muscle: fiber type-specific analysis.
DPP-4 Inhibitor and Estrogen Share Similar Efficacy Against Cardiac Ischemic-Reperfusion Injury in Obese-Insulin Resistant and Estrogen-Deprived Female Rats.
Dietary fat proportionately enhances oxidative stress and glucose intolerance followed by impaired expression of the genes associated with mitochondrial biogenesis.
Chemokine binding protein 'M3' limits atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E-/- mice.
Coffee extract inhibits adipogenesis in 3T3-L1 preadipocyes by interrupting insulin signaling through the downregulation of IRS1.
Berberine inhibits palmitate-induced NLRP3 inflammasome activation by triggering autophagy in macrophages: A new mechanism linking berberine to insulin resistance improvement.
The anti diabetic and anti obesity effect of Memecylon umbellatum extract in high fat diet induced obese mice.
Hepatic Transcriptome Profiles of Mice with Diet-Induced Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis Treated with Astaxanthin and Vitamin E.
Hyper- and hypo- nutrition studies of the hepatic transcriptome and epigenome suggest that PPARα regulates anaerobic glycolysis.
Angiotensin-(1-7) regulates angiotensin II-induced matrix metalloproteinase-8 in vascular smooth muscle cells.
TFE3 regulates whole-body energy metabolism in cooperation with TFEB.
Exercise training and high-fat diet elicit endocannabinoid system modifications in the rat hypothalamus and hippocampus.
Hepatic transcriptomic responses in mice exposed to arsenic and different fat diet.
Soybean polar lipids differently impact adipose tissue inflammation and the endotoxin transporters LBP and sCD14 in flaxseed vs. palm oil-rich diets.
Aberrant expression of microRNA induced by high-fructose diet: implications in the pathogenesis of hyperlipidemia and hepatic insulin resistance.
Dynamic mechanical analysis to assess viscoelasticity of liver tissue in a rat model of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Effects of rumen undegradable protein supplementation on productive performance and indicators of protein and energy metabolism in Holstein fresh cows.
Th17 and IL-17 Cause Acceleration of Inflammation and Fat Loss by Inducing α<sub>2</sub>-Glycoprotein 1 (AZGP1) in Rheumatoid Arthritis with High-Fat Diet.
Novel, highly potent systemic glucokinase activators for the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Discovery of orally active hepatoselective glucokinase activators for treatment of Type II Diabetes Mellitus.
Grape powder consumption affects the expression of neurodegeneration-related brain proteins in rats chronically fed a high-fructose-high-fat diet.
Polychlorinated biphenyls-153 induces metabolic dysfunction through activation of ROS/NF-κB signaling via downregulation of HNF1b.
Hot-Water Extracts from Roots of Vitis thunbergii var. taiwaniana and Identified ε-Viniferin Improve Obesity in High-Fat Diet-Induced Mice.
Microbiome and metabolome modifying effects of several cardiovascular disease interventions in apo-E<sup>-/-</sup> mice.
Diet induced obesity has an influence on intrahepatic T cell responses.
Branched-chain amino acids alleviate hepatic steatosis and liver injury in choline-deficient high-fat diet induced NASH mice.
Selection of Cholesterol-Lowering Lactic Acid Bacteria and its Effects on Rats Fed with High-Cholesterol Diet.
A High-Concentrate Diet Induced Milk Fat Decline via Glucagon-Mediated Activation of AMP-Activated Protein Kinase in Dairy Cows.
Prevalence and Correlates of Preschool Overweight and Obesity Amidst the Nutrition Transition: Findings from a National Cross-Sectional Study in Lebanon.
Sex-Dependent Effects of HO-1 Deletion from Adipocytes in Mice.
Metabolic disturbances due to a high-fat diet in a non-insulin-resistant animal model.
Impact of high fat/high salt diet on myocardial oxidative stress.
Erythropoietin (EPO) ameliorates obesity and glucose homeostasis by promoting thermogenesis and endocrine function of classical brown adipose tissue (BAT) in diet-induced obese mice.
Sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas) attenuates diet-induced aortic stiffening independent of changes in body composition.
Circulating Concentrations of Adipocytokines and Their Receptors in the Isolated Corpus Cavernosum and Femoral Artery from Trained Rats on a High-Fat Diet.
Exocytosis-Mediated Urinary Full-Length Megalin Excretion is Linked with the Pathogenesis of Diabetic Nephropathy.
Cafeteria diet and probiotic therapy: cross talk among memory, neuroplasticity, serotonin receptors and gut microbiota in the rat.
The modulatory effect of (-)-epigallocatechin 3-O-(3-O-methyl) gallate (EGCG3″Me) on intestinal microbiota of high fat diet-induced obesity mice model.
Overexpression of decorin promoted angiogenesis in diabetic cardiomyopathy via IGF1R-AKT-VEGF signaling.
Glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonist ameliorates the insulin resistance function of islet β cells via the activation of PDX-1/JAK signaling transduction in C57/BL6 mice with high-fat diet-induced diabetes.
Estrogen and DPP-4 inhibitor share similar efficacy in reducing brain pathology caused by cardiac ischemia-reperfusion injury in both lean and obese estrogen-deprived rats.
Bixin ameliorates high fat diet-induced cardiac injury in mice through inflammation and oxidative stress suppression.
Exploring the relationship between α-actinin-3 deficiency and obesity in mice and humans.
A mouse model of vitamin D insufficiency: is there a relationship between 25(OH) vitamin D levels and obesity?
School lunches in Japan: their contribution to healthier nutrient intake among elementary-school and junior high-school children.
Traditional Chinese medicine Bushen-Jianpi-Huoxue decoction prevents diabetic osteoporosis in rats via Wnt and nuclear factor-kappa B signaling pathways.
Chia Oil-Enriched Restructured Pork Effects on Oxidative and Inflammatory Status of Aged Rats Fed High Cholesterol/High Fat Diets.
The Addition of Liquid Fructose to a Western-Type Diet in LDL-R<sup>-/-</sup> Mice Induces Liver Inflammation and Fibrogenesis Markers without Disrupting Insulin Receptor Signalling after an Insulin Challenge.
Nutrients and the Pancreas: An Epigenetic Perspective.
Impact of diet composition and temperature-humidity index on water and dry matter intake of high-yielding dairy cows.
Hypolipidemic and Antioxidant Effects of Malus toringoides (Rehd.) Hughes Leaves in High-Fat-Diet-Induced Hyperlipidemic Rats.
Ethanol Extract of Capsella bursa-pastoris Improves Hepatic Steatosis Through Inhibition of Histone Acetyltransferase Activity.
Roles for Cell-Cell Adhesion and Contact in Obesity-Induced Hepatic Myeloid Cell Accumulation and Glucose Intolerance.
[Effect of calcium-independent phospholipase A(2) inhibitor in reducing hepatocyte lipoapoptosis and improving insulin resistance].
[Influence of high-fat diet in paternal C57BL/6 mice on liver fat deposition in offspring].
The anti-osteoporotic and anti-atherogenic effects of alendronate and simvastatin in ovariectomized rats fed high fat diet: A comparative study of combination therapy versus monotherapy.
Magnitude and Timing of the Postprandial Inflammatory Response to a High-Fat Meal in Healthy Adults: A Systematic Review.
The effect of increasing dairy calcium intake of adolescent girls on changes in body fat and weight.
Rosa Mosqueta Oil Prevents Oxidative Stress and Inflammation through the Upregulation of PPAR-α and NRF2 in C57BL/6J Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Lipid Emulsion Added to a Liquid High-Carbohydrate Diet and Voluntary Running Exercise Reduce Lipogenesis and Ameliorate Early-Stage Hepatic Steatosis in Mice.
pNaKtide Attenuates Steatohepatitis and Atherosclerosis by Blocking Na/K-ATPase/ROS Amplification in C57Bl6 and ApoE Knockout Mice Fed a Western Diet.
Effects of hepatic glycogen on food intake and glucose homeostasis are mediated by the vagus nerve in mice.
Dietary Self-management in Heart Failure: High Tech or High Touch?
FOXO transcription factors protect against the diet-induced fatty liver disease.
Effect of modulation of PPAR-γ activity on Kupffer cells M1/M2 polarization in the development of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Effects of Gliadin consumption on the Intestinal Microbiota and Metabolic Homeostasis in Mice Fed a High-fat Diet.
Beneficial effects of paeoniflorin on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease induced by high-fat diet in rats.
High-fat diet aggravates 2,2',4,4'-tetrabromodiphenyl ether-inhibited testosterone production via DAX-1 in Leydig cells in rats.
Effect of Whole Grain Qingke (Tibetan Hordeum vulgare L. Zangqing 320) on the Serum Lipid Levels and Intestinal Microbiota of Rats under High-Fat Diet.
A maternal high-fat, high-sucrose diet has sex-specific effects on fetal glucocorticoids with little consequence for offspring metabolism and voluntary locomotor activity in mice.
High-Fat Diet in the Absence of Obesity Does Not Aggravate Surgically Induced Lymphoedema in Mice.
Design, synthesis and anti-diabetic activity of triazolotriazine derivatives as dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitors.
ERK1 and ERK2 activation modulates diet-induced obesity in mice.
Exercise training rescues high fat diet-induced neuronal nitric oxide synthase expression in the hippocampus and cerebral cortex of mice.
Lingual CD36 and nutritional status differentially regulate fat preference in obesity-prone and obesity-resistant rats.
STING-IRF3 Triggers Endothelial Inflammation in Response to Free Fatty Acid-Induced Mitochondrial Damage in Diet-Induced Obesity.
Palmitate-Induced Vacuolar-Type H<sup>+</sup>-ATPase Inhibition Feeds Forward into Insulin Resistance and Contractile Dysfunction.
Transfer of dysbiotic gut microbiota has beneficial effects on host liver metabolism.
Antidiabetic Effect of Fresh Nopal (<i>Opuntia ficus-indica</i>) in Low-Dose Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Dietary habits of Wroclaw Medical University students (Poland)
Evaluation of dairy products available on the Polish market in the context of nutrient profiles. Clear arguments for reformulation of foodstuffs
The sense of life satisfaction versus dietary choices of young women doing fitness for recreational purposes
Ginsenoside Re Ameliorates Brain Insulin Resistance and Cognitive Dysfunction in High Fat Diet-Induced C57BL/6 Mice.
WNK4 is an Adipogenic Factor and Its Deletion Reduces Diet-Induced Obesity in Mice.
Endothelial dysfunction inhibits the ability of haptoglobin to prevent hemoglobin-induced hypertension.
Increased intake of energy-dense diet and negative energy balance in a mouse model of chronic psychosocial defeat.
Nucleolin protects macrophages from oxLDL-induced foam cell formation through up-regulating ABCA1 expression.
Energy and macronutrient intake over the course of the day of German adults: A DEDIPAC-study.
The Effect of Sitagliptin on Lipid Metabolism of Fatty Liver Mice and Related Mechanisms.
High Fat Diet Alters Gut Microbiota and the Expression of Paneth Cell-Antimicrobial Peptides Preceding Changes of Circulating Inflammatory Cytokines.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of dietary carbohydrate restriction in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Serum and synovial fluid lipidomic profiles predict obesity-associated osteoarthritis, synovitis, and wound repair.
A new method to evaluate the dose-effect relationship of a TCM formula Gegen Qinlian Decoction: 'Focus' mode of integrated biomarkers.
Obesity-Induced Neuroinflammation: Beyond the Hypothalamus.
Effects of feeding hull-less barley on production performance, milk fatty acid composition, and nutrient digestibility of lactating dairy cows.
The anti-diabetic drug exenatide, a glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist, counteracts hepatocarcinogenesis through cAMP-PKA-EGFR-STAT3 axis.
Impact of different dietary approaches on glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in patients with type 2 diabetes: a protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Adaptive upregulation of Clumping Factor A (ClfA) by <i>S. aureus</i> in the obese, type 2 diabetic host mediates increased virulence.
Role of Ketotifen on metabolic profiles, inflammation and oxidative stress in diabetic rats.
The effects of prenatal undernutrition and a high-fat postnatal diet on central and peripheral orexigenic and anorexigenic factors in female rats.
Physiological activities of the combination of fish oil and α-lipoic acid affecting hepatic lipogenesis and parameters related to oxidative stress in rats.
Cardiovascular disease and resuscitated septic shock lead to the downregulation of the H<sub>2</sub>S-producing enzyme cystathionine-γ-lyase in the porcine coronary artery.
The UN Decade of Nutrition, the NOVA food classification and the trouble with ultra-processing.
Paeoniflorin ameliorates cognitive dysfunction via regulating SOCS2/IRS-1 pathway in diabetic rats.
POMC and NPY mRNA expression during development is increased in rat offspring brain from mothers fed with a high fat diet.
Green Tea Polyphenols Inhibit Colorectal Tumorigenesis in Azoxymethane-Treated F344 Rats.
Perinatal Exposure to Low-Dose Bisphenol-A Disrupts the Structural and Functional Development of the Hypothalamic Feeding Circuitry.
Incretin Therapies Do Not Expand β-cell Mass or Alter Pancreatic Histology in Young Male Mice.
Randomized Controlled Trial of a MUFA or Fiber-rich diet on Hepatic fat in Pre-diabetes.
Neurosecretory protein GL, a hypothalamic small secretory protein, participates in energy homeostasis in male mice.
Assisted reproductive technologies predispose to insulin resistance and obesity in male mice challenged with a high fat diet.
Endogenous calcitonin gene-related peptide regulates lipid metabolism and energy homeostasis in male mice.
Thyroid Hormone-Dependent Epigenetic Regulation of Melanocortin 4 Receptor Levels in Female Offspring of Obese Rats.
The influence of sex and diet on the characteristics of hibernation in Syrian hamsters.
Effect of intranasal administration of galanin-like peptide (GALP) on body weight and hepatic lipids accumulation in mice with diet-induced obesity.
Physicochemical properties and antidiabetic effects of a polysaccharide from corn silk in high-fat diet and streptozotocin-induced diabetic mice.
Decoy receptor 3 analogous supplement protects steatotic rat liver from ischemia-reperfusion injury.
Extended multiplexing of TMT labeling reveals age and high fat diet specific proteome changes in mouse epididymal adipose tissue.
Physiological frailty index (PFI): quantitative in-life estimate of individual biological age in mice.
Antioxidant activities of aqueous extracts from 12 Chinese edible flowers <i>in vitro</i> and <i>in vivo</i>.
Anti-obesity effect of <i>Solidago virgaurea</i> var. <i>g</i><i>igantea</i> extract through regulation of adipogenesis and lipogenesis pathways in high-fat diet-induced obese mice (C57BL/6N).
Associations of body-related teasing with weight status, body image, and dieting behavior among Japanese adolescents.
Methionine restriction alters bone morphology and affects osteoblast differentiation.
Nutritional parameters and carbohydrate and fat metabolism after prolonged salsolinol administration in rats fed normal or high-fat diets.
Do statin users adhere to a healthy diet and lifestyle? The Australian Diabetes, Obesity and Lifestyle Study.
Short-term overfeeding of zebrafish with normal or high-fat diet as a model for the development of metabolically healthy versus unhealthy obesity.
[Ghrelin: a gastric hormone at the crossroad between growth and appetite regulation].
Anti-Obesity Effect of Bombus ignitus Queen Glycosaminoglycans in Rats on a High-Fat Diet.
Pharmacological inhibition of adipose triglyceride lipase corrects high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance and hepatosteatosis in mice.
Fish oil supplementation inhibits endoplasmic reticulum stress and improves insulin resistance: involvement of AMP-activated protein kinase.
Insulin and diet-induced changes in the ubiquitin-modified proteome of rat liver.
Impact of Dietary Interventions on Noncoding RNA Networks and mRNAs Encoding Chromatin-Related Factors.
Mediterranean Diet Supplemented With Coenzyme Q10 Modulates the Postprandial Metabolism of Advanced Glycation End Products in Elderly Men and Women.
Adipocyte Accumulation in the Bone Marrow during Obesity and Aging Impairs Stem Cell-Based Hematopoietic and Bone Regeneration.
Treatment effects and mechanisms of Yujin Powder on rat model of large intestine dampness-heat syndrome.
Your mitochondria are what you eat: a high-fat or a high-sucrose diet eliminates metabolic flexibility in isolated mitochondria from rat skeletal muscle.
Cultural Variables Underlying Obesity in Latino Men: Design, Rationale and Participant Characteristics from the Latino Men's Health Initiative.
Comparison between direct and indirect methods to diagnose malnutrition and cardiometabolic risk in haemodialisys patients.
Induction of steatohepatitis (NASH) with insulin resistance in wildtype B6 mice by a western-type diet containing soybean oil and cholesterol.
Prenatal high-fat diet alters placental morphology, nutrient transporter expression, and mtorc1 signaling in rat.
Anti-Obesity and Anti-Diabetic Effect of Neoagarooligosaccharides on High-Fat Diet-Induced Obesity in Mice.
Salusin-β contributes to oxidative stress and inflammation in diabetic cardiomyopathy.
Dietary patterns, foods and nutrients in male fertility parameters and fecundability: a systematic review of observational studies.
Dietary fatty acids influence sperm quality and function.
A Combination of Flaxseed Oil and Astaxanthin Improves Hepatic Lipid Accumulation and Reduces Oxidative Stress in High Fat-Diet Fed Rats.
Food Insecurity, Poor Diet Quality, and Suboptimal Intakes of Folate and Iron Are Independently Associated with Perceived Mental Health in Canadian Adults.
Treatment with 17β-Estradiol Reduced Body Weight and the Risk of Cardiovascular Disease in a High-Fat Diet-Induced Animal Model of Obesity.
ATRAP Expression in Brown Adipose Tissue Does Not Influence the Development of Diet-Induced Metabolic Disorders in Mice.
Requirement of Cytosolic Phospholipase A2 gamma in Lipid Droplet Formation.
Serum high C reactive protein concentrations are related to the intake of dietary macronutrients and fiber: Findings from a large representative Persian population sample.
The impact of oxidative stress and inflammation on RPE degeneration in non-neovascular AMD.
Catechins as Potential Mediators of Cardiovascular Health.
An advanced glycation endproduct (AGE)-rich diet promotes accumulation of AGEs in Achilles tendon.
Sex-dependent effects of neonatal maternal deprivation on endocannabinoid levels in the adipose tissue: influence of diet.
Hypoglycemic effect of hawthorn in type II diabetes mellitus rat model.
Greater postprandial glucose excursions and inadequate nutrient intake in youth with type 1 diabetes and celiac disease.
Testing food-related inhibitory control to high- and low-calorie food stimuli: Electrophysiological responses to high-calorie food stimuli predict calorie and carbohydrate intake.
Resveratrol derivative BTM-0512 mitigates obesity by promoting beige remodeling of subcutaneous preadipocytes.
Maternal high-fat diet consumption enhances offspring susceptibility to DSS-induced colitis in mice.
Effect of a high-concentrate diet on milk components and mammary health in Holstein dairy cows.
Markers of dietary protein intake are associated with successful weight loss in the POUNDS Lost trial.
Activation of EphA1-Epha receptor axis attenuates diabetic nephropathy in mice.
Abnormal lipid/lipoprotein metabolism and high plasma testosterone levels in male but not female aromatase-knockout mice.
Mice lacking liver-specific β-catenin develop steatohepatitis and fibrosis after iron overload.
Modulation of gut microbiota contributes to curcumin-mediated attenuation of hepatic steatosis in rats.
High Plasma Lipid Levels Reduce Efficacy of Adenovirus-Mediated Gene Therapy.
Diet Change After Sleeve Gastrectomy Is More Effective for Weight Loss Than Surgery Only.
Protectin DX suppresses hepatic gluconeogenesis through AMPK-HO-1-mediated inhibition of ER stress.
The stress-response molecule NR4A1 resists ROS-induced pancreatic β-cells apoptosis via WT1.
Visualization of endothelial barrier damage prior to formation of atherosclerotic plaques.
High-sucrose-induced maternal obesity disrupts ovarian function and decreases fertility in Drosophila melanogaster.
Effect of supplementation of lecithin and carnitine on growth performance and nutrient digestibility in pigs fed high-fat diet.
Effect of ethanolic extract of propolis as an alternative to antibiotics as a growth promoter on broiler performance, serum biochemistry, and immune responses.
Role of Autonomic Nervous System and Orexinergic System on Adipose Tissue.
Severe pulmonary hypertension in aging female apolipoprotein E-deficient mice is rescued by estrogen replacement therapy.
Sex-dependent effects on gut microbiota regulate hepatic carcinogenic outcomes.
Lifetime Exposure to a Constant Environment Amplifies the Impact of a Fructose-Rich Diet on Glucose Homeostasis during Pregnancy.
Genomic Evidence for Bacterial Determinants Influencing Obesity Development.
Diabetes reversal by inhibition of the low-molecular-weight tyrosine phosphatase.
The metabolic ER stress sensor IRE1α suppresses alternative activation of macrophages and impairs energy expenditure in obesity.
Patients With Mitochondrial Disease Have an Inadequate Nutritional Intake.
The association of trajectories of protein intake and age-specific protein intakes from 2 to 22 years with BMI in early adulthood.
miR-21-5p/203a-3p promote ox-LDL-induced endothelial cell senescence through down-regulation of mitochondrial fission protein Drp1.
Metabolic effects of intermittent access to caloric or non-caloric sweetened solutions in mice fed a high-caloric diet.
A classification system for zebrafish adipose tissues.
Mfn2 is critical for brown adipose tissue thermogenic function.
Effect of miglitol on the suppression of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis development and improvement of the gut environment in a rodent model.
Mangiferin suppresses endoplasmic reticulum stress in perivascular adipose tissue and prevents insulin resistance in the endothelium.
Body mass index trajectories of Indigenous Australian children and relation to screen time, diet, and demographic factors.
Exercise training-induced improvement in skeletal muscle PGC-1α-mediated fat metabolism is independent of dietary glycemic index.
Vitamin D inadequacy is widespread in Tunisian active boys and is related to diet but not to adiposity or insulin resistance.
An ATF4-ATG5 signaling in hypothalamic POMC neurons regulates obesity.
LDL cholesterol counteracts the antitumour effect of tyrosine kinase inhibitors against renal cell carcinoma.
Correction: Beneficial effects of exercise on offspring obesity and insulin resistance are reduced by maternal high-fat diet.
Longitudinal 10-year changes in dietary intake and associations with cardio-metabolic risk factors in the Northern Sweden Health and Disease Study.
Antihyperlipidemic and hepatoprotective effects of Gardenin A in cellular and high fat diet fed rodent models.
Deficiency of CKIP-1 aggravates high-fat diet-induced fatty liver in mice.
Quercetin attenuates high fat diet-induced atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E knockout mice: A critical role of NADPH oxidase.
Apc, but not obesity, synergizes with PTEN to drive intestinal stem cell tumors.
Insights from engraftable immunodeficient mouse models of hyperinsulinaemia.
Aerobic fitness is associated with low cardiovascular disease risk: the impact of lifestyle on early risk factors for atherosclerosis in young healthy Swedish individuals - the Lifestyle, Biomarker, and Atherosclerosis study.
High-Fat Feeding Does Not Disrupt Daily Rhythms in Female Mice because of Protection by Ovarian Hormones.
Retinol-binding protein 7 is an endothelium-specific PPAR<b>γ</b> cofactor mediating an antioxidant response through adiponectin.
Role of Orexin-A in Hypertension and Obesity.
Vitamin D Insufficiency Exacerbates Adipose Tissue Macrophage Infiltration and Decreases AMPK/SIRT1 Activity in Obese Rats.
Angiopoietin-2 in white adipose tissue improves metabolic homeostasis through enhanced angiogenesis.
Protective effects of various ratios of DHA/EPA supplementation on high-fat diet-induced liver damage in mice.
Cashew consumption reduces total and LDL cholesterol: a randomized, crossover, controlled-feeding trial.
Dietary intake and adipose tissue content of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and subsequent 5-y change in body weight and waist circumference.
mTOR activation protects liver from ischemia/reperfusion-induced injury through NF-κB pathway.
Intestinal Barrier Function and the Gut Microbiome Are Differentially Affected in Mice Fed a Western-Style Diet or Drinking Water Supplemented with Fructose.
Content of Minerals and Fatty Acids and Their Correlation with Phytochemical Compounds and Antioxidant Activity of Leguminous Seeds.
Modified SJH alleviates FFAs-induced hepatic steatosis through leptin signaling pathways.
Gelidium elegans Regulates the AMPK-PRDM16-UCP-1 Pathway and Has a Synergistic Effect with Orlistat on Obesity-Associated Features in Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet.
Precocious obesity predisposes the development of more severe cisplatin-induced acute kidney injury in young adult mice.
Rice bran enzymatic extract reduces atherosclerotic plaque development and steatosis in high-fat fed ApoE-/- mice.
Baicalin against obesity and insulin resistance through activation of AKT/AS160/GLUT4 pathway.
Bamboo leaf extract ameliorates diabetic nephropathy through activating the AKT signaling pathway in rats.
Resolution of glucose intolerance in long-term high-fat, high-sucrose fed mice.
Adipose tissue supports normalization of macrophage and liver lipid handling in obesity reversal.
Mechanisms for the anti-obesity actions of bofutsushosan in high-fat diet-fed obese mice.
Short-term impact of a classical ketogenic diet on gut microbiota in GLUT1 Deficiency Syndrome: A 3-month prospective observational study.
An empirically derived dietary pattern associated with breast cancer risk is validated in a nested case-control cohort from a randomized primary prevention trial.
Steviol glycosides enhance pancreatic beta-cell function and taste sensation by potentiation of TRPM5 channel activity.
Cross-talk among metabolic parameters, esophageal microbiota, and host gene expression following chronic exposure to an obesogenic diet.
Effects of α-Galactooligosaccharides from Chickpeas on High-Fat-Diet-Induced Metabolic Syndrome in Mice.
Optimized Analysis of In Vivo and In Vitro Hepatic Steatosis.
Shrimp Oil Extracted from the Shrimp Processing Waste Reduces the Development of Insulin Resistance and Metabolic Phenotypes in Diet-induced Obese Rats.
Dihydromyricetin prevents obesity-induced slow-twitch-fiber reduction partially via FLCN/FNIP1/AMPK pathway.
Orexin activation counteracts decreases in nonexercise activity thermogenesis (NEAT) caused by high-fat diet.
Selection for high aerobic capacity has no protective effect against obesity in laboratory mice.
The phosphorylation status of T522 modulates tissue-specific functions of SIRT1 in energy metabolism in mice.
Pu'erh tea extract-mediated protection against hepatosteatosis and insulin resistance in mice with diet-induced obesity is associated with the induction of de novo lipogenesis in visceral adipose tissue.
Short Sleep Duration Is Associated With Eating More Carbohydrates and Less Dietary Fat in Mexican American Children.
Nrf2 is crucial for the down-regulation of Cyp7a1 induced by arachidonic acid in Hepg2 cells.
Differential effects of liver steatosis on pharmacokinetic profile of two closely related hepatoselective NO-donors; V-PYRRO/NO and V-PROLI/NO.
Ghrelin did not change coronary angiogenesis in diet-induced obese mice.
Adipogenic miR-27a in adipose tissue upregulates macrophage activation via inhibiting PPARγ of insulin resistance induced by high-fat diet-associated obesity.
Saturated Fatty Acid Increases Lung Macrophages and Augments House Dust Mite-Induced Airway Inflammation in Mice Fed with High-Fat Diet.
Duodenal long noncoding RNAs are associated with glycemic control after bariatric surgery in high-fat diet-induced diabetic mice.
A Nutritional Perspective of Ketogenic Diet in Cancer: A Narrative Review.
Liraglutide suppression of caloric intake competes with the intake-promoting effects of a palatable cafeteria diet, but does not impact food or macronutrient selection.
Identification of a novel human long non-coding RNA that regulates hepatic lipid metabolism by inhibiting SREBP-1c.
Knockout of Vasohibin-1 Gene in Mice Results in Healthy Longevity with Reduced Expression of Insulin Receptor, Insulin Receptor Substrate 1, and Insulin Receptor Substrate 2 in Their White Adipose Tissue.
Formononetin, an isoflavone, activates AMP-activated protein kinase/β-catenin signalling to inhibit adipogenesis and rescues C57BL/6 mice from high-fat diet-induced obesity and bone loss.
Effects of training distance on feed intake, growth, body condition and muscle glycogen content in young Standardbred horses fed a forage-only diet.
Effects of Dietary Fish Oil and Apple Polyphenol on the Concentration Serum Lipids and Excretion of Fecal Bile Acids in Rats.
Homocysteine Induces Hepatic Steatosis Involving ER Stress Response in High Methionine Diet-Fed Mice.
Metabolic Effect of an Oriental Herbal Medicine on Obesity and Its Comorbidities with Transcriptional Responses in Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
High Fat Diets Sex-Specifically Affect the Renal Transcriptome and Program Obesity, Kidney Injury, and Hypertension in the Offspring.
Independent association between socioeconomic indicators and macro- and micro-nutrient intake in Switzerland.
Dairy Food Intake and All-Cause, Cardiovascular Disease, and Cancer Mortality: The Golestan Cohort Study.
Sphingolipids Metabolism in the Salivary Glands of Rats With Obesity and Streptozotocin Induced Diabetes.
Polyphenic trait promotes liver cancer in a model of epigenetic instability.
Citrus flavonoid naringenin reduces mammary tumor cell viability, adipose mass, and adipose inflammation in obese ovariectomized mice.
Animal models of maternal high fat diet exposure and effects on metabolism in offspring: a meta-regression analysis.
N-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids increase hepatic fibroblast growth factor 21 sensitivity via a PPARγ-β-klotho pathway.
The Mediterranean Diet decreases LDL atherogenicity in high cardiovascular risk individuals: a randomized controlled trial.
Dietary fat content modulates the hypolipidemic effect of dietary inulin in rats.
Polysaccharides extraction from Opuntia stricta and their protective effect against HepG2 cell death and hypolipidaemic effects on hyperlipidaemia rats induced by high-fat diet.
Conditional postnatal deletion of the neonatal murine hepatic circadian gene, Npas2, alters the gut microbiome following restricted feeding.
Cognitive deficits associated with a high-fat diet and insulin resistance are potentiated by overexpression of ecto-nucleotide pyrophosphatase phosphodiesterase-1.
Extracts of citrus Sudachi peel attenuate body weight gain in C57BL/6 mice fed a high-fat diet.
A high-fat diet impairs reproduction by decreasing the IL1β level in mice treated at immature stage.
Nod2 and Nod2-regulated microbiota protect BALB/c mice from diet-induced obesity and metabolic dysfunction.
Lifestyle interventions are feasible in patients with colorectal cancer with potential short-term health benefits: a systematic review.
[The association between physical inactivity and other behavioural risk factors of the development of chronic non-communicative diseases among the students].
Inhibition of epidermal growth factor receptor attenuates atherosclerosis via decreasing inflammation and oxidative stress.
Anti hyperlipidemic and hepatoprotective effects of native date fruit variety 'Aseel' (Phoenix dactylifera).
Sirt3 Deficiency Increased the Vulnerability of Pancreatic Beta Cells to Oxidative Stress-Induced Dysfunction.
The Role of O-GlcNAcylation in Perivascular Adipose Tissue Dysfunction of Offspring of High-Fat Diet-Fed Rats.
Waldmann's disease: a rare cause of protein losing enteropathy in an adult patient.
Effect of tempol on peripheral neuropathy in diet-induced obese and high-fat fed/low-dose streptozotocin-treated C57Bl6/J mice.
Association between lutein intake and lung function in adults: the Rotterdam Study.
Gut Microbiota-Dependent Metabolite Trimethylamine N-Oxide Contributes to Cardiac Dysfunction in Western Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Weight loss independent changes in adipose tissue macrophage and T cell populations after sleeve gastrectomy in mice.
DNA methylation alters transcriptional rates of differentially expressed genes and contributes to pathophysiology in mice fed a high fat diet.
Molecular phenotyping of multiple mouse strains under metabolic challenge uncovers a role for <i>Elovl2</i> in glucose-induced insulin secretion.
Astrocyte IKKβ/NF-κB signaling is required for diet-induced obesity and hypothalamic inflammation.
Gut Microbiota Modulation Attenuated the Hypolipidemic Effect of Simvastatin in High-Fat/Cholesterol-Diet Fed Mice.
Raspberry ketone fails to reduce adiposity beyond decreasing food intake in C57BL/6 mice fed a high-fat diet.
The Effect of Phloroglucinol, A Component of Ecklonia cava Extract, on Hepatic Glucose Production.
Energy-dense diet triggers changes in gut microbiota, reorganization of gut‑brain vagal communication and increases body fat accumulation.
Hypolipidemic effect of Youcha in hyperlipidemia rats induced by high-fat diet.
Liver NF-κB-inducing Kinase (NIK) Promotes Liver Steatosis and Glucose Counterregulation in Male Mice with Obesity.
The effects of feeding increasing concentrations of corn oil on energy metabolism and nutrient balance in finishing beef steers.
Diet-induced modifications to milk composition have long-term effects on offspring growth in rabbits.
Impact of feeding de-oiled wet distillers grains plus solubles on beef shelf life.
Palatability, digestibility, and metabolizable energy of dietary glycerol in adult cats.
Dietary reversal of neuropathy in a murine model of prediabetes and the metabolic syndrome.
Brazilian Green Propolis Promotes Weight Loss and Reduces Fat Accumulation in C57BL/6 Mice Fed A High-Fat Diet.
Evaluation of the Effects and Mechanism of L-Citrulline on Anti-obesity by Appetite Suppression in Obese/Diabetic KK-Ay Mice and High-Fat Diet Fed SD Rats.
A simple, enzymatic biotransformation method using fresh green tea leaves efficiently generates theaflavin-containing fermentation water that has potent physiological functions in mice and humans.
AT1 Receptor Modulator Attenuates the Hypercholesterolemia-Induced Impairment of the Myocardial Ischemic Post-Conditioning Benefits.
Impact of whey proteins on the systemic and local intestinal level of mice with diet induced obesity.
SUCNR1-mediated chemotaxis of macrophages aggravates obesity-induced inflammation and diabetes.
High soluble endoglin levels do not induce changes in structural parameters of mouse heart.
Effect of Fabp1/Scp-2/Scp-x Ablation on Whole Body and Hepatic Phenotype of Phytol-Fed Male Mice.
A Western-style obesogenic diet alters maternal metabolic physiology with consequences for fetal nutrient acquisition in mice.
Associations between dietary patterns and serum lipids, apo and C-reactive protein in an adult population: evidence from a multi-city cohort in South America.
Kefir alleviates obesity and hepatic steatosis in high-fat diet-fed mice by modulation of gut microbiota and mycobiota: targeted and untargeted community analysis with correlation of biomarkers.
Transcriptome analysis of the effects of chitosan on the hyperlipidemia and oxidative stress in high-fat diet fed mice.
Insulin Receptor Signaling in Pomc, but not Agrp, Neurons Controls Adipose Tissue Insulin Action.
Metformin Reduces Prostate Tumor Growth, in a Diet-dependent Manner, by Modulating Multiple Signaling Pathways.
Supplementing an energy adequate, higher-protein diet with protein does not enhance fat-free mass restoration after short-term severe negative energy balance.
Pharmacological Sirt6 inhibition improves glucose tolerance in a type 2 diabetes mouse model.
Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Stimulate <i>De novo</i> Lipogenesis and Improve Glucose Homeostasis during Refeeding with High Fat Diet.
Fimasartan Ameliorates Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease through PPAR<i>δ</i> Regulation in Hyperlipidemic and Hypertensive Conditions.
Energy intake correlates with the levels of fatty acid synthase and insulin-like growth factor-1 in male and female C57BL/6 mice.
Ginsenoside Rb1 increases insulin sensitivity through suppressing 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type I.
Genome-wide hepatic DNA methylation changes in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.
Molecular adaptations underlying the beneficial effects of hydroxytyrosol in the pathogenic alterations induced by a high-fat diet in mouse liver: PPAR-α and Nrf2 activation, and NF-κB down-regulation.
RYGB Produces more Sustained Body Weight Loss and Improvement of Glycemic Control Compared with VSG in the Diet-Induced Obese Mouse Model.
Sequential Exposure to Obesogenic Factors in Females Rats: From Physiological Changes to Lipid Metabolism in Liver and Mesenteric Adipose Tissue.
A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial to Determine the Effectiveness and Safety of a Thermogenic Supplement in Addition to an Energy-Restricted Diet in Apparently Healthy Females.
Repeal and Replace: Adipocyte Regeneration in Wound Repair.
Exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus induces neuroinflammation, derangement of hippocampal neurons, and cognitive changes in rat offspring.
Inhibition of Src homology 2 domain containing protein tyrosine phosphatase as the possible mechanism of metformin-assisted amelioration of obesity induced insulin resistance in high fat diet fed C57BL/6J mice.
Characterization of fat metabolism in the fatty liver caused by a high-fat, low-carbohydrate diet: A study under equal energy conditions.
Anti-obesity effect of a novel caffeine-loaded dissolving microneedle patch in high-fat diet-induced obese C57BL/6J mice.
Subcutaneous injection of H<sub>2</sub> is a novel effective treatment for type 2 diabetes.
Farm Fresh Foods for Healthy Kids (F3HK): An innovative community supported agriculture intervention to prevent childhood obesity in low-income families and strengthen local agricultural economies.
High-fat feeding rather than obesity drives taxonomical and functional changes in the gut microbiota in mice.
Effects of feeding extruded linseed on production performance and milk fatty acid profile in dairy cows: A meta-analysis.
Management practices, physically effective fiber, and ether extract are related to bulk tank milk de novo fatty acid concentration on Holstein dairy farms.
Role of Nitric Oxide Synthase on Blood Pressure Regulation and Vascular Function in Pregnant Rats on a High-Fat Diet.
Influence of the Form of Administration of Chlorogenic Acids on Oxidative Stress Induced by High fat Diet in Rats.
Comparisons of cardioprotective efficacy between fibroblast growth factor 21 and dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor in pre-diabetic rats.
Kefir drink causes a significant yet similar improvement in serum lipid profile, compared with low-fat milk, in a dairy-rich diet in overweight or obese premenopausal women: A randomized controlled trial.
The effect of dietary protein source on serum lipids: Secondary data analysis from a randomized clinical trial.
Anti-obesity effect and protection of liver-kidney functions by Codium fragile sulphated polysaccharide on high fat diet induced obese rats.
TMEM16A exacerbates renal injury by activating P38/JNK signaling pathway to promote podocyte apoptosis in diabetic nephropathy mice.
Anti-Diabetic Effects of an Ethanol Extract of Cassia Abbreviata Stem Bark on Diabetic Rats and Possible Mechanism of Its Action: - Anti-diabetic Properties of Cassia abbreviata.
Intestinal alkaline phosphatase at the crossroad of intestinal health and disease - a putative role in type 1 diabetes.
Endothelial LRP1 regulates metabolic responses by acting as a co-activator of PPARγ.
Activation of NLRP3 inflammasomes contributes to hyperhomocysteinemia-aggravated inflammation and atherosclerosis in apoE-deficient mice.
The role of sex and body weight on the metabolic effects of high-fat diet in C57BL/6N mice.
Interleukin-18 mediates cardiac dysfunction induced by western diet independent of obesity and hyperglycemia in the mouse.
The ketogenic diet metabolite beta-hydroxybutyrate (β-HB) reduces incidence of seizure-like activity (SLA) in a K<sub>atp</sub>- and GABA<sub>b</sub>-dependent manner in a whole-animal Drosophila melanogaster model.
Streptozotocin-Treated High Fat Fed Mice: A New Type 2 Diabetes Model Used to Study Canagliflozin-Induced Alterations in Lipids and Lipoproteins.
Hydroxytyrosol prevents reduction in liver activity of Δ-5 and Δ-6 desaturases, oxidative stress, and depletion in long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid content in different tissues of high-fat diet fed mice.
Evaluation of structured lipids with behenic acid in the prevention of obesity.
Ability of palatable food consumption to buffer against the short- and long-term behavioral consequences of social defeat exposure during juvenility in rats.
Tollip Deficiency Alters Atherosclerosis and Steatosis by Disrupting Lipophagy.
Cinnamon Polyphenol Extract Inhibits Hyperlipidemia and Inflammation by Modulation of Transcription Factors in High-Fat Diet-Fed Rats.
Fat and carbohydrate content in the diet induces drastic changes in gene expression in young Göttingen minipigs.
ATP synthase β-subunit abnormality in pancreas islets of rats with polycystic ovary syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Ketone Bodies as Anti-Seizure Agents.
Neonatal Citrulline Supplementation and Later Exposure to a High Fructose Diet in Rats Born with a Low Birth Weight: A Preliminary Report.
In utero Exposure to Germinated Brown Rice and Its GABA Extract Attenuates High-Fat-Diet-Induced Insulin Resistance in Rat Offspring.
Metformin and sulodexide restore cardiac microvascular perfusion capacity in diet-induced obese rats.
Multi-tissue DNA methylation age predictor in mouse.
Bile acids and colon cancer: Is FXR the solution of the conundrum?
Western-diet consumption induces alteration of barrier function mechanisms in the ileum that correlates with metabolic endotoxemia in rats.
Hypercholesterolemia impairs oxytocin-induced uterine contractility in late pregnant mouse.
C57BL/6J mice as a polygenic developmental model of diet-induced obesity.
Fish oil, lard and soybean oil differentially shape gut microbiota of middle-aged rats.
Comparative Evaluation of Sulfur Compounds Contents and Antiobesity Properties of <i>Allium hookeri</i> Prepared by Different Drying Methods.
Is a diet low in greenhouse gas emissions a nutritious diet? - Analyses of self-selected diets in the LifeGene study.
Inhibition of STAT3 signaling blocks obesity-induced mammary hyperplasia in a mouse model.
Corrigendum to 'Hypoglycemic Activity through a Novel Combination of Fruiting Body and Mycelia of <i>Cordyceps militaris</i> in High-Fat Diet-Induced Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Mice'.
Methotraxate-Loaded Hybrid Nanoconstructs Target Vascular Lesions and Inhibit Atherosclerosis Progression in ApoE<sup>-/-</sup> Mice.
IGF1 Shapes Macrophage Activation in Response to Immunometabolic Challenge.
Wild inside: Urban wild boar select natural, not anthropogenic food resources.
Swimming training induces liver adaptations to oxidative stress and insulin sensitivity in rats submitted to high-fat diet.
Knocking down amygdalar PTP1B in diet-induced obese rats improves insulin signaling/action, decreases adiposity and may alter anxiety behavior.
Maternal and Postnatal High-Fat Diet Consumption Programs Energy Balance and Hypothalamic Melanocortin Signaling in Nonhuman Primate Offspring.
Tumor Necrosis Factor a Promotes Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase Enhancer A and Amp-Activated Protein Kinase Interaction to Suppress Lipid Oxidation in Skeletal Muscle.
Cholesterol crystallization within hepatocyte lipid droplets and its role in murine NASH.
The hepatokine FGF21 is crucial for peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-α agonist-induced amelioration of metabolic disorders in obese mice.
Transcriptomic responses of the liver and adipose tissues to altered carbohydrate-fat ratio in diet: an isoenergetic study in young rats.
BLT2 expression improves skin integrity and protects from alterations caused by hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes.
A Study of salt and fat Consumption pattern in Regional Indian diet among hypertensive and dyslipidemic PaTients - SCRIPT study.
CMD-05, a novel promising clinical anti-diabetic drug candidate, in vivo and vitro studies.
Low Glycemic Index Prototype Isomaltulose-Update of Clinical Trials.
Effect of pre- and post-weaning high-fat dietary manipulation on intestinal microflora and alkaline phosphatase activity in male rats.
Polychlorinated biphenyl 153 in lipid medium modulates differentiation of human adipocytes.
Flaxseed- and Buckwheat-Supplemented Diets Altered Enterobacteriaceae Diversity and Prevalence in the Cecum and Feces of Obese Mice.
Black Adzuki Bean (Vigna angularis) Attenuates High-Fat Diet-Induced Colon Inflammation in Mice.
Effect of Carnosine on Renal Function, Oxidation and Glycation Products in the Kidneys of High-Fat Diet/Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Rats.
Extra-pancreatic invasion induces lipolytic and fibrotic changes in the adipose microenvironment, with released fatty acids enhancing the invasiveness of pancreatic cancer cells.
DNA adductomics to study the genotoxic effects of red meat consumption with and without added animal fat in rats.
Effect of a high-protein, high-fiber diet plus supplementation with branched-chain amino acids on the nutritional status of patients with cirrhosis.
Quercus infectoria inhibits Set7/NF-κB inflammatory pathway in macrophages exposed to a diabetic environment.
Long-term, but not short-term high-fat diet induces fiber composition changes and impaired contractile force in mouse fast-twitch skeletal muscle.
Melanocortin 4 receptor activation attenuates mitochondrial dysfunction in skeletal muscle of diabetic rats.
Dietary oleuropein inhibits tumor angiogenesis and lymphangiogenesis in the B16F10 melanoma allograft model: a mechanism for the suppression of high-fat diet-induced solid tumor growth and lymph node metastasis.
Altered glucose metabolism and hypoxic response in alloxan-induced diabetic atherosclerosis in rabbits.
Comparative effects of high oleic acid vs high mixed saturated fatty acid obesogenic diets upon PUFA metabolism in mice.
Animal models of alcoholic liver disease: Pathogenesis and clinical relevance.
Antihyperglycemic, antihyperlipidemic and antioxidant effects of standard ethanol extract of Bombax ceiba leaves in high-fat-diet- and streptozotocin-induced Type 2 diabetic rats.
Moutan Cortex and Paeoniae Radix Rubra reverse high-fat-diet-induced metabolic disorder and restore gut microbiota homeostasis.
Nutrition in the first 1000 days and respiratory health: A descriptive review of the last five years' literature.
Pregestational type 2 diabetes mellitus induces cardiac hypertrophy in the murine embryo through cardiac remodeling and fibrosis.
EGCG ameliorates diet-induced metabolic syndrome associating with the circadian clock.
Feeding Angptl4-/- mice trans fat promotes foam cell formation in mesenteric lymph nodes without leading to ascites.
Effects of high-fat diet on somatic growth, metabolic parameters and function of peritoneal macrophages of young rats submitted to a maternal low-protein diet.
The effects of metformin on fibroblast growth factor 19, 21 and fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 in high-fat diet and streptozotocin induced diabetic rats.
Effect of Dietary Purified Xanthohumol from Hop (Humulus lupulus L.) Pomace on Adipose Tissue Mass, Fasting Blood Glucose Level, and Lipid Metabolism in KK-Ay Mice.
The involvement of ginseng berry extract in blood flow via regulation of blood coagulation in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Protective effects of glycyrrhizic acid against non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in mice.
Apigenin, a modulator of PPARγ, attenuates HFD-induced NAFLD by regulating hepatocyte lipid metabolism and oxidative stress via Nrf2 activation.
Enhanced offspring predisposition to steatohepatitis with maternal high-fat diet is associated with epigenetic and microbiome alterations.
Chikusetsu saponin IVa ameliorates high fat diet-induced inflammation in adipose tissue of mice through inhibition of NLRP3 inflammasome activation and NF-κB signaling.
Western diet deregulates bile acid homeostasis, cell proliferation and tumorigenesis in colon.
Detrimental effect of maternal and post-weaning high-fat diet on the reproductive function in the adult female offspring rat: roles of insulin-like growth factor 2 and the ovarian circadian clock.
Effect of high-fat diet and growth stage on the diversity and composition of intestinal microbiota in healthy bovine livestock.
Fatty acids linked to cardiovascular mortality are associated with risk factors.
Neural programmatic role of leptin, TNFα, melanocortin and glutamate in blood pressure regulation versus obesity-related hypertension in male C57BL/6 mice.
Effect of a low crude protein diet supplemented with different levels of threonine on growth performance, carcass traits, blood parameters, and immune responses of growing broilers.
Deletion of a Distal RANKL Gene Enhancer Delays Progression of Atherosclerotic Plaque Calcification in Hypercholesterolemic Mice.
Post-lunch triglyceridaemia associates with HDLc and insulin resistance in fasting normotriglyceridaemic menopausal women.
Increased Visfatin Expression is Associated with Nuclear Factor-kappa β in Obese-Ovalbumin Sensitized Male Wistar Rats Trachea.
Skeletal Muscle Nucleo-Mitochondrial Crosstalk in Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes.
Suppression of GHS-R in AgRP Neurons Mitigates Diet-Induced Obesity by Activating Thermogenesis.
Differential Effect of Sucrose and Fructose in Combination with a High Fat Diet on Intestinal Microbiota and Kidney Oxidative Stress.
The Angiogenesis Inhibitor ALS-L1023 from Lemon-Balm Leaves Attenuates High-Fat Diet-Induced Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease through Regulating the Visceral Adipose-Tissue Function.
Acute versus chronic exposure to high fat diet leads to distinct regulation of PKA.
Hepatocyte-specific depletion of ubiquitin regulatory X domain containing protein 8 accelerates fibrosis in a mouse non-alcoholic steatohepatitis model.
Adherence to the Mediterranean diet pattern, cognitive status and depressive symptoms in an elderly non-institutionalized population.
Diet and liver apoptosis in rats: a particular metabolic pathway.
Obesity does not diminish the efficacy of IL-6 signalling blockade in mice with collagen-induced arthritis.
High-fat diet induces systemic B-cell repertoire changes associated with insulin resistance.
Obesity-induced hepatic steatosis is mediated by endoplasmic reticulum stress in the subfornical organ of the brain.
β-Klotho deficiency protects against obesity through a crosstalk between liver, microbiota, and brown adipose tissue.
Can Ultrasound Imaging Predict the Success of an Experimental Steatofibrosis Model?
Adiponectin induced AMPK impairment mediates Insulin Resistance in Bama mini-pig fed High-fat and High-sucrose Diet.
Nutritional profile of Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program household food and beverage purchases.
Sodium, sugar, and fat content of complementary infant and toddler foods sold in the United States, 2015.
Dietary Patterns and Type 2 Diabetes: A Systematic Literature Review and Meta-Analysis of Prospective Studies.
The Kielin/chordin-like Protein (KCP) Attenuates High Fat Diet Induced Obesity and Metabolic Syndrome in Mice.
Numerical simulation of haemodynamics and low-density lipoprotein transport in the rabbit aorta and their correlation with atherosclerotic plaque thickness.
Ketogenic diet attenuates hepatopathy in mouse model of respiratory chain complex III deficiency caused by a Bcs1l mutation.
Age-dependent obesity and mitochondrial dysfunction.
Beneficial Effect of Voluntary Exercise on Experimental Colitis in Mice Fed a High-Fat Diet: The Role of Irisin, Adiponectin and Proinflammatory Biomarkers.
Prenatal Exposure to a Maternal High-Fat Diet Affects Histone Modification of Cardiometabolic Genes in Newborn Rats.
Physicochemical Characteristics of the Seed and Seed Oil of the Potentially Medicinal Plant Ziziphus oenoplia.
High-Fat Feeding Protects Mice From Ventilator-Induced Lung Injury, Via Neutrophil-Independent Mechanisms.
Metallothioneins regulate the adipogenic differentiation of 3T3-L1 cells via the insulin signaling pathway.
High-fat diet induced leptin and Wnt expression: RNA-sequencing and pathway analysis of mouse colonic tissue and tumors.
Foxo3a-dependent Bim transcription protects mice from a high fat diet via inhibition of activation of the NLRP3 inflammasome by facilitating autophagy flux in Kupffer cells.
Membrane lipid alterations in the metabolic syndrome and the role of dietary oils.
Evaluation of garlic oil in nano-emulsified form: Optimization and its efficacy in high-fat diet induced dyslipidemia in Wistar rats.
Cycloastragenol improves hepatic steatosis by activating farnesoid X receptor signalling.
<b>Collagen beta (1- <i>O</i> ) galactosyltransferase 1</b><b>(GLT25D1)</b><b>is required for the secretion of high molecular weight adiponectin and affects lipid accumulation</b>.
Effect of GPR84 deletion on obesity and diabetes development in mice fed long chain or medium chain fatty acid rich diets.
Short Term High Fat Diet Induces Obesity-Enhancing Changes in Mouse Gut Microbiota That are Partially Reversed by Cessation of the High Fat Diet.
Sleeve Gastrectomy Alters Intestinal Permeability in Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Up-regulation of microRNA-367 promotes liver steatosis through repressing TBL1 in obese mice.
Sulfated polysaccharides from Enteromorpha prolifera suppress SREBP-2 and HMG-CoA reductase expression and attenuate non-alcoholic fatty liver disease induced by a high-fat diet.
Home availability of fruit and vegetables and obesogenic foods as an indicator of nutrient intake in 50 year olds from Canterbury, New Zealand.
Dietary choice and health behaviors in eastern Chinese women: a descriptive, population-based survey and review of public health data.
The Metalloproteinase ADAM28 Promotes Metabolic Dysfunction in Mice.
Ultrasound Molecular Imaging of Inflammation in Mouse Abdominal Aorta.
Food intake affects sperm-egg fusion through the GIP/PSG17 axis in mice.
ULK1 prevents cardiac dysfunction in obesity through autophagy-meditated regulation of lipid metabolism.
Absence of endothelial ERα results in arterial remodeling and decreased stiffness in Western diet-fed male mice.
Xanthohumol and 8-prenylnaringenin ameliorate diabetic-related metabolic dysfunctions in mice.
Cholesterol as a modifying agent of the neurovascular unit structure and function under physiological and pathological conditions.
Daily supplementation of dietary protein improves the metabolic effects of GLP-1-based pharmacotherapy in lean and obese rats.
Low-dose pollutant mixture triggers metabolic disturbances in female mice leading to common and specific features as compared to a high-fat diet.
Is there a role for lifestyle changes in cardiovascular prevention? What, when and how?
Short- and longer-term effects of feeding increased metwabolizable protein with or without an altered amino acid profile to dairy cows immediately postpartum.
Effects of breed, feeding system, and lactation stage on milk fat characteristics and spontaneous lipolysis in dairy cows.
Short-term effects of soybean oil supplementation on performance, digestion, and metabolism in dairy cows fed sugarcane-based diets.
The mTORC2/PKC pathway sustains compensatory insulin secretion of pancreatic β cells in response to metabolic stress.
In Vitro Antioxidant and In Vivo Hypolipidemic Effects of the King Oyster Culinary-Medicinal Mushroom, Pleurotus eryngii var. ferulae DDL01 (Agaricomycetes), in Rats with High-Fat Diet-Induced Fatty Liver and Hyperlipidemia.
The effect of Boswellia serrata resin diet supplementation on production, hematological, biochemical and immunological parameters in broiler chickens.
Synthesis and anti-obesity effects in vivo of Crotadihydrofuran C as a novel PPARγ antagonist from Crotalaria albida.
Difructose anhydride III decreases body fat as a low-energy substitute or by decreasing energy intake in non-ovariectomized and ovariectomized female rats.
Consuming a Ketogenic Diet while Receiving Radiation and Chemotherapy for Locally Advanced Lung Cancer and Pancreatic Cancer: The University of Iowa Experience of Two Phase 1 Clinical Trials.
Effects of Dietary Macronutrient Composition on FNDC5 and Irisin in Mice Skeletal Muscle.
Carbonic anhydrase III (Car3) is not required for fatty acid synthesis and does not protect against high-fat diet induced obesity in mice.
Dietary lactalbumin and lactoferrin interact with inulin to modulate energy balance in obese rats.
Raspberry pomace alters cecal microbial activity and reduces secondary bile acids in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Murine diet-induced obesity remodels cardiac and liver mitochondrial phospholipid acyl chains with differential effects on respiratory enzyme activity.
SIRT3 Acts As a Negative Regulator of Autophagy Dictating Hepatocyte Susceptibility to Lipotoxicity.
A Novel Role of Astrocyte Elevated Gene-1 (AEG-1) in Regulating Non-alcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH).
Impact of physical exercise on visceral adipose tissue fatty acid profile and inflammation in response to a high-fat diet regimen.
Maternal Macronutrient Intake and Offspring Blood Pressure 20 Years Later.
SIRT1/HSF1/HSPs Pathway is Essential for Exenatide-alleviated Lipid-induced Hepatic Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress.
Attenuated Low-Grade Inflammation Following Long-Term Dietary Intervention in Postmenopausal Women with Obesity.
Corrigendum: Pharmacological inhibition of adipose triglyceride lipase corrects high-fat diet-induced insulin resistance and hepatosteatosis in mice.
CYP2J2 and Its Metabolites EETs Attenuate Insulin Resistance via Regulating Macrophage Polarization in Adipose Tissue.
[Nutrition management in obese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus after laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy].
Serum carotenoid interactions in premenopausal women reveal α-carotene is negatively impacted by body fat.
Maternal obese-type gut microbiota differentially impact cognition, anxiety and compulsive behavior in male and female offspring in mice.
Altered Adipogenesis in Zebrafish Larvae Following High Fat Diet and Chemical Exposure Is Visualised by Stimulated Raman Scattering Microscopy.
High Fat Diet Feeding Alters Expression of Hepatic Drug-metabolizing Enzymes in Mice.
Protein kinase STK25 aggravates the severity of non-alcoholic fatty pancreas disease in mice.
Effects of high-fat diet and fructose-rich diet on obesity, dyslipidemia and hyperglycemia in the WBN/Kob-Lepr<sup>fa</sup> rat, a new model of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Pentamethylquercetin induces adipose browning and exerts beneficial effects in 3T3-L1 adipocytes and high-fat diet-fed mice.
A High-fat Diet Induces a Loss of Midbrain Dopaminergic Neuronal Function That Underlies Motor Abnormalities.
Acute and Long-Term Impact of High-Protein Diets on Endocrine and Metabolic Function, Body Composition, and Exercise-Induced Adaptations.
The impact of dietary sn-2 palmitic triacylglycerols in combination with docosahexaenoic acid or arachidonic acid on lipid metabolism and host faecal microbiota composition in Sprague Dawley rats.
The enhanced anti-obesity effect and reduced gastric mucosa irritation of capsaicin-loaded nanoemulsions.
Early Mitochondrial Adaptations in Skeletal Muscle to Obesity and Obesity Resistance Differentially Regulated by High-Fat Diet.
Effect of resistant starch on the intestinal health of old dogs: fermentation products and histological features of the intestinal mucosa.
Experimental type 2 diabetes induction reduces serum vaspin, but not serum omentin, in Wistar rats.
Combined inhibition of autophagy protein 5 and galectin-1 by thiodigalactoside reduces diet-induced obesity through induction of white fat browning.
Dietary capsaicin and antibiotics act synergistically to reduce non-alcoholic fatty liver disease induced by high fat diet in mice.
Zerumbone ameliorates high-fat diet-induced adiposity by restoring AMPK-regulated lipogenesis and microRNA-146b/SIRT1-mediated adipogenesis.
BMT decreases HFD-induced weight gain associated with decreased preadipocyte number and insulin secretion.
Liraglutide, a GLP-1 receptor agonist, inhibits vascular smooth muscle cell proliferation by enhancing AMP-activated protein kinase and cell cycle regulation, and delays atherosclerosis in ApoE deficient mice.
Effect of genetic variants and traits related to glucose metabolism and their interaction with obesity on breast and colorectal cancer risk among postmenopausal women.
Polyunsaturated fatty acid receptors, GPR40 and GPR120, are expressed in the hypothalamus and control energy homeostasis and inflammation.
Ketogenic diet in the treatment of epilepsy in children under the age of 2 years: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.
[Effect of intermittent fasting on physiology and gut microbiota in presenium rats].
Cationic Polystyrene Resolves Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH), Obesity, and Metabolic Disorders by Promoting Eubiosis of Gut Microbiota and Decreasing Endotoxemia.
Impact of different dietary approaches on blood pressure in hypertensive and prehypertensive patients: protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
